
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:377..1654, 1278 bp
atgattttggtgaaggtgaaacgtatgtacaaaacaaaaggtggctttcaacttacattacaaacattaa
gtttagtggttggatttatggcttggagtattattgctcctttaatgccttttattaaacaggatgtcaa
tgtaactgaaggtcaaatatcaatcattttagcgataccagttattttgggatcagtgctccgtgtgcca
tttggttatttaacaaatattgttggtgctaaatgggtattctttacaagttttatcgtattgttattcc
cgatatttttcttgagccaagcacaaacgccggggatgttaatggcatcaggatttttccttggcgtagg
tggcgcaattttctctgttggtgttacatcagttcctaaatatttccctaaagaaaaagtaggtctagca
aatggtatttatggtatggggaatatcggtacagcagtttcttcatttttagcaccaccgatagcgggta
ttattggttggcaaacaacagttagaagttacttaattattatcgctttatttgcattaattatgttcat
ttttggtgacacacaagaacgtaaaattaaagtgccattaatggctcaaatgaaaacattatctaaaaac
tacaaattatattacttaagttattggtatttcattacttttggtgcttttgttgcatttggtattttct
tacctaactacttagtaaatcattttggaattgacaaagtagatgctggtattcgttcaggtgtattcat
tgcgctggcaacattcttgagaccaataggtggtatactaggtgataaatttaatgcagttaaagtactg
atgattgattttgttattatgattatcggtgccgttattttaggtatttcagaccatatcgcattattca
ctgtaggctgtttaacaataagtatttgtgcaggtattggtaacggcttaatttttaaattagtaccatc
atacttctcaaatgaagcaggatcagcaaatggtatcgtatcaatgatgggtggtttaggaggattcttc
ccaccgttggtcatcacatacgtagctaatttaacaggttcaagccatttagcatttattttcttagcgg
tattcggctgcattgcattatttacaatgcgccatttatatcaaaaagaatatggttcattgaaacacag
ttgatatgtaatacgaagcattcttaaatttaaatgacaaagccttaatatcatgcgcaatattcgtagc
atgatattaaggctttag
>Potential gene 2:1701..1934, 234 bp
atgttatttaaaaatgctttcatttatatgaaaacattcaatatagacaaagtattgactacatatatat
tttattatgattgtgaaaaagtgaacataaggattttcccttatttatggtgtgatttcccctatacaat
gtccctttacgatgcatttagacactattttgtcatcattttaatcatattattaaggaacgctcacata
cttttcttaatttttttcaattag
>Potential gene 3:2000..2914, 915 bp
atgtataaaatcaatattattagatcagattccgtctataagaaaatactcaaggcaccattaaacgaac
gtgattcaattttcactaaagaaatattagtaccttttaaaaagaaatttgaggtgcagcagattcctat
tcataatgatgacaagcagacaatgagtgcgattcaacttttagatgtatttcataagtctcccgaagaa
ctggttgaaactgaccaaatgtcaatacaatacctgaataatgatttctggattaattgtgaaaaatatt
taaaagttgctatagatcaatttgcaaattatagtatctcatctcaagtttctaactatcatttcacagt
attacttggagatagccaaaaaccacttatgtatctaaataaaaatcgtggtggtgatggtggcatacca
ggttatattatgatttatttagtgccgagtacaagtacaattaattctatgaaaagcttaattgcacatg
aagtaaatcataatatgcgctatcaatatattgattgggatggcggaagtttgattgaattgattattgc
agaaggattagctgaaaactatgtagaatcattgtatggtaaagcgcatattggaccgtgggtaacaaat
actaattggagtcgtgataacgtaaaaattaaaaatactatttataatcatttacatttaaagcatatat
ttgaatcgatgccttatctctatggtgatgatattaataaacttcaaggtaggcctatcgttggcttatc
tcatgctgccggttatgcatgtggctatcacttggtgaaatactttttacaaaaatcaaacatacctatt
gaagttgccacaacacttccagcacaaaaaataataaatgaggtgactgaattttggcatacacatacac
tttaa
>Potential gene 4:2788..3633, 846 bp
atgtggctatcacttggtgaaatactttttacaaaaatcaaacatacctattgaagttgccacaacactt
ccagcacaaaaaataataaatgaggtgactgaattttggcatacacatacactttaaaagatattattga
aattacaggtgtaactaaaagaactttacattattacgatgaaataggattattagttccagataaaaat
gataaaaattatcgcgtttataaacagcaagacttagaaaaattacaaaagattttaatactcaagtctt
ttgattttgatatcgctaaaataaaacaatacatttcatatgataatgaacaattgcgaaagttattatc
agagcaaataagcaagttagataaaaagatttctgacttacaattaattagacgctctgtatgtgaattt
attaaaggacattctctaatagataccagcattttaaacaagacactacagtcacaatatgataaagaag
catctataaaatatggtcatacgaaagcatatcaatcatttattagacgtaaagataacttacaatcaca
ggatatcagacagaaattgtcaacaatcttcaataaatttaatcatatgtctttgagtcattatccaatc
caagactgtaatgatatcgtgacagaatggaaatcttttatgaatactatcgctgattttgatgatgaaa
cattatgctgtattgctaaaacatatgaagatgatacgcgtttcaaagattactttaattcatatgataa
tcaaaatttagcatcatacatttcagaagctgttaattattttttgagcaatgtgaataagagcgacaat
ttttaa
>Potential gene 5:3888..4589, 702 bp
atgttacattgaacattccaatttgaaacatacattgggggaataaaattgaaaatagtcattgccgatg
atcacgctgttgtccgtacggggttctctatgattttaaattatcaaaatgatatggaagttgttgcaac
ggctgcagatggcgtcgaagcttaccaaaaagtaatggaatataaacctgatgtgttactaatggattta
agtatgccaccaggtgagtcaggtcttatcgctacgagtaaaattgctgacagttttcctgaaactaaaa
tactaatattaacaatgtttgatgatgaggagtatttgttccatgtgttgcgtaatggtgcgaaaggtta
catattgaaaaatgcacctgatgaacaattattgttagctattcgaactgtatataaaggtgaaacatat
gtagatatgaaacttacaacatctttagtgaatgaatttgtatctaattcaaatcaggacactgcaaaca
catcagatccttttaaaatattatcaaaacgagaactagaaatattaccacttattgccaaaggttacgg
gaataaagaaattgcagagaaattatttgtttctgtaaagacagtagaggcacataagacgcatattatg
acaaagcttggcttgaaaagtaaaccagagctcgttgaatatgcattgaaaaagaaattattagagtttt
aa
>Potential gene 6:4405..5598, 1194 bp
atgattaatgaggacagtatacaattagaagctttattaaaaaaatactatgaacattcaatcgaaaaaa
tagtatttgccgacgatagtggtaaaattattgcaatgaatgatgctgctaaagatatattatctgaaga
agataattacagtgctgtggcgaatgcgatttgtcacagatgtgaagggtatacaaatgcctatgatgta
caatcatgtaaagattgtttcttagagtccatgcaagtacaagctacgaattttcaagtgtttatgaaga
cgaaagatcaaaaagtgatgccgtttactgcaacttatcagcttattgatcaggatagagggattcatgc
atttacgcttcaaaatgtctcatcacagattgaacaacaagaaaaattgcatcaacaacgtatgatgcgt
aaaacgatttccgcacaagaaaatgagcgaaaacgaatttctagggaattacatgatagtgtgattcaag
aaatgttaaatgtagatgttcaattgcgattgttgaaatatcaagaagatacagcaaagcttttggaaga
cgcagaaaatattgaatatattgtcgctaaattaattgatgatatacgtaatatgtcggttgaattaaga
cccgcttctttggatgatctaggccttgaggcagcttttaaatcatattttaaacagtttgaagaaaatt
atggaataaaaatcatatatacatcaaatattaaaaatacccgctttgatagtgatattgaaacggttgt
ttatcgagtagtgcaagaagctattctaaatgcgttgaaatacgctgatgtaaatgaaataaatgtaggt
atccgtcaaactgggcgacatttggttgctgaagtgatagatgcgggaaatggttttgatccaagttcta
agcctaaaggttctggactcggtttatatggaatgaatgagcgagctgaattagtcagtggtagcgtcaa
catcgaaacgaaaattggtgagggtaccaatgttacattgaacattccaatttgaaacatacattggggg
aataaaattgaaaatagtcattgccgatgatcacgctgttgtccgtacggggttctctatgattttaaat
tatcaaaatgatatggaagttgttgcaacggctgcagatggcgtcgaagcttaccaaaaagtaatggaat
ataa
>Potential gene 7:5622..5864, 243 bp
atgaaaacagggaagcgtatgattatagctaatgtcggtttagcattgggaccagaagaaaagattgact
atccaattttattaagcgaatcattaacagcagttttagcagtgccgctttggtataagaatcaagtgta
tggcgtactattatttggtcaaagagatggacgtcctttaccaaaaatatttgataacgatgatattcaa
cgtaagtttggtattttcaatgatgataaataa
>Potential gene 8:6094..6891, 798 bp
atggaacatatgtgatggcgaatgcacttggtgaagataacaatccatatgcctatgtgattcaagcgct
tagaaaaacattgaaattatgtttgacatcaccaaaaggagtgaaacatcatgcttaatcagtttttatg
ggttatatttccgtatttatgtttagttgtctttgtcgcaggtcatattgcacgttatcgttatgataaa
ttttcgtggacagcaaaatctagtgaattaattgaaagaaaaagattgatgtggggtagtttattatttc
acttaggtattattccggtattttttggacatgttgtaggattattaatacctaagtcgtggatggatgc
tgccggtgtgtctgagcatttatatcatattggtgctgtttatatagggagtatctttggtataattaca
ttggtagggatgtttttattaacagcgagacgtgttactacgaaaagtattcgcagattaagttcagcgt
ccgatatctttgttaacttcttattattacttattgtatttatgggatgttatgcaacattagtaacaaa
tatacagcatccagattttaactatagaacttcattatcaatttggtttagacaattatttatgttgaaa
ccagatgcatcattaatgagtggtgtaccaattgcatttaaaattcatatattattaggtttcactatta
tggcttgttggccattcacacgtttagtacatgtttggagtgtacctttgacatatataaatcgcagata
tattatttaccgtaagaataaagtgtaa
>Potential gene 9:6764..7366, 603 bp
atgagaatttctatggagggattttccgtgattaatttcgataattttaaaaagtatcaagaaagttttg
gatatatagcgcaacagctatgctttccggaaaaattaacatttcatccaaagacttttgaagaaacaat
ttcgaaagatcatccaggctatgacgatttaatagcatttagaaatgtaatgatgacattttctttatca
gaaatcaaagcgatttatacagatacatttgattttacgaaaaaagcaccattatatatgacgtataaca
agtttgatacacaaaaagaacgtgggcaaatgttagcgaaactaaaggtattgtacgagatgtttggact
agaaatggtagacaatgaactttctgattatctaccgttgatgttgcaatttttacaagtggcagaatgg
agaaatgatccaagagctgaagagaatattcaattaatcattatgattattgaggatggaacatatgtga
tggcgaatgcacttggtgaagataacaatccatatgcctatgtgattcaagcgcttagaaaaacattgaa
attatgtttgacatcaccaaaaggagtgaaacatcatgcttaa
>Potential gene 10:7332..8867, 1536 bp
atggtattaaatttagataaatgcataggatgccatacgtgtagtgtgacatgtaaaaacacttggacaa
atcgtccaggtgctgagtacatgtggttcaacaacgtagagactaagccaggtgtagggtatccgaaacg
ttgggaagaccaagaacactacaaaggtggttgggtactaaatcgtaaagggaaacttgaattaaaatct
ggaagtagaatttcaaaaattgcattagggaaaatattctataatccagatatgccactaattaaagatt
attacgagccatggaactataattatgaacatttaacaactgcgaaatcaggtaatcattctccagttgc
tagagcgtattcagaaattacgggggataacattgaaattgaatggggacctaactgggaagatgactta
gcaggtggtcatgttacaggtccaaaagatcctaacatccaaaaaatagaagaagatattaaattccaat
ttgacgaaacatttatgatgtacttaccacgtttgtgtgaacattgcttgaatccaagttgcgttgcatc
gtgtccttcaggtgctatgtataaacgtgatgaagatggcatcgtgctagttgaccaagatgcttgtcgt
ggttggcgttactgtatgacaggttgtccatataaaaaagtatacttcaactggaaaacgaacaaagcag
aaaaatgtactttctgtttcccgagaattgaagcggggatgcctacagtgtgttctgaaacttgtacagg
acgtatgcgttatttaggtgttttattatatgatgcagatcgagttcatgaagcagcttcagcagtagac
gagaaagatttatacgaaaaacaattagatatattcttaaatccatttgacgaagaagtcattgcacaag
ctgaaaaagatggcattagttatgattggattgaagctgcacaaaactcaccaatttataagttagcgat
tgaatataaactagcatttccattacatcctgaatttagaacgatgccgatggtttggtattgcccacca
cttagcccaattatgagctatttcgaaggtaaaaatacaaatcaaaatccggatgcgattttcccagcca
ttgaagaaatgcgcttgccgattgaatatttagcgaatattttcacggcaggagatacaaaaccagtaaa
agaagcattgcagcgtatggcaatgatgagaagttacatgcgttcccaagttacacaacaaccatttgat
acatcacgtttagagcgattaggtttaactgaacgacaaactaaagatatgtatcgcttattaggactag
ctaaatatgaagatcgattcgttattccaacgtcacataaggaaacatatttagatacgtatcatgctca
aggtagtacgggatataactatggtggcgaacactttggtgataactgtgaaggttgtggtgttgcagta
ggttcaggaaaaactggtcaagaaatttataatgagaatttctatggagggattttccgtgattaa
>Potential gene 11:8881..12570, 3690 bp
atgggaaaatttggattgaatttctttaagccaacagaaaaatttaatgggaattggtcgatcctagaaa
gtaaaagtagagaatgggaaaaaatgtacagagaacgttggagccatgataaagaagtaagaacaacgca
tggtgttaactgtactggatcatgttcatggaaagtctttgtgaaaaatggtgtgattacctgggaaaat
caacaaactgactatcctagttgtggtccggatatgcctgaatatgaaccgagaggctgtcctcgtggtg
catcattctcttggtatgaatacagcccacttcgaattaaatatccatatattcgtgggaagctttggga
tttatggactgaagcattagaagaaaacaatggcaatcgtgtggctgcatgggcttctattgttgaaaat
gaagacaaagccaaacagtataagcaagcccgtggtatgggtggacatgtgcgttcaaattggaaagatg
ttacggatattatcgcagcacaattactatatacaattaaaaaatatggtccagatcgaatcgcaggatt
tacacctattccagcgatgtcgatgattagttatgcagcaggtgctcgattcatcaatttgcttggtggt
gaaatgcttagtttttatgactggtatgcagatttaccacctgcctctccacaaatttggggagagcaaa
cagatgtgcctgaatcaagtgactggtataacgcatcatacattattatgtggggctctaatgtaccact
aacgcgtacgccagacgcacattttatgacagaagttcgctataaaggaacaaaagttatttcagtagca
cctgattatgcagaaaatgtgaagtttgctgataactggttagccccgaatcctggttcagatgctgcaa
ttgctcaagcgatgacacatgttattttacaagagcattatgttaatcaaccgaatgaacgctttattaa
ttatgcgaaacaatatacagacatgccatttatcatcatgttagatgaagatgaaaatggatataaagcg
ggtagatttttaagagcaagtgacttaggacaaacgacagagcaaagtgaatggaaaccggtaatccacg
acacaatcagtgacagtttagtggtacctaatggcacaatggggcaacgttgggaagaaggtaagaagtg
gaacttaaaactagaaacagaagatggttctaaaattaaccctacattatcaatgacagaaggtggatat
gaattagaaacaattcaattcccatactttgatagtgatggagatgggatattcaatcgtccaattccaa
ctcgacaagtcactttagcaaatggtgacaaagtccgtattgctacaatttttgacttaatggcaagtca
atatggcgtgcgtcgttttgatcataaattagaatcaaaaggatacgacgatgcagaatcaaaatataca
cctgcttggcaagaaggcatttcaggcgtaaaacaaagtgttgtcattcaagtagcgaaagaatttgcgc
aaaacgctatcgatactgaagggcgttcaatgattatcatgggtgcgggtattaaccattggtttaactc
agatacgatttatcgttcaatcttaaacttagttatgttatgtggctgtcaaggtgtgaatggtggcggt
tgggctcactatgtgggacaagaaaaatgtcgcccaattgaaggatggagtactgtcgcatttgcgaaag
actggcaaggaccaccacgtttgcaaaacggaacaagttggttttattttgctacagaccaatggaaata
tgaagagtcaaatgtagatcgtttaaaatctccattagctaaaacagaggagttaaaacatcaacatcca
gctgattataatgtgttagcagctagacttggttggttaccatcatatccacaatttaataaaaatagct
tgttgtttgcagaagaagctaaagatgaaggtatagattcaaatgaagcgattttgcaacgtgcaattga
tgaaatgaaatcaaaacaaacacaatttgcaatagaagatcctgatttgaaaaagaatcatccaaaatca
ttatttatatggcgttcaaacttaatttcaagttctgcaaaaggtcaagaatactttatgaagcatttac
ttggcacaaaatcagggttattagctacaccaaatgaagatgaaaagccagaagaaattacgtggcgtga
agaaacaacaggtaagttagatttagtggtctctttagacttcagaatgacggcaacaccgttatattct
gacattgttttaccggcagcaacttggtatgaaaaacatgatttatcatcaacggatatgcatccatatg
tacatcctttcaatcctgccattgatccattatgggaatcacgttcagactgggatatttataaaacatt
ggcaaaagcattttcagaaatggcaaaagactatttacctggaacgtttaaagatgttgtgacaactcca
cttagtcatgatacaaagcaagaaatttcaacaccatacggcgtagtgaaagattggtcgaagggtgaaa
ttgaagcggtacctggacgtacaatgcctaactttgcaattgtagaacgcgactacactaaaatttacga
caaatatgtcacgcttggtcctgtacttgaaaaagggaaagttggagcacatggtgtaagtttcggtgtc
agtgagcagtacgaagaactaaaaagtatgttaggcacgtggagtgacacaaatgaagattctgtcagaa
cgaatcgtccacgtattgatacagcacgtaatgtcgctgatgccatacttaatatttcatcagctacgaa
tggaaagttatcacagaaatcatatgaggatcttgaacaacaaactggtatgccattgaaagatatttct
agtgagcgtgctgctgaaaaaatttcgtttttaaatataacatcacaaccacgtgaagttataccaacag
cagtattcccgggatctaataagcaaggccgacgttactcaccatttacaacgaatgtagaacgtttagt
gccttttagaacattaacaggacgtcaaagttattatgtggatcacgaagttttccaacagtttggtgaa
agcttaccagtatataaaccaacgttaccaccaatggtatttggtgatagagataagaaaattaaaggtg
gtacagatgctttggtactgcgttatttaacgcctcatggaaaatggaatatacactcaatgtatcaaga
taataagcatatgttgacactatttagaggtggtccaacggtttggatatcaaatgaagatgctgaaaaa
cacgatatccaagataatgattggctagaagtgtataaccgtaatggtgttgtaacggcaagagcagtta
tttcgcatcgtatgcctaaaggtacaatgtttatgtatcatgcacaagataaacatattcaaacgcctgg
gtcagaaattacagatacacgtggtggttcacacaacgcgccgactagaatccatttgaaaccaacacaa
ctagtcggaggatatgcacaaattagttatcactttaattattatggaccaattgggaaccaaagggatt
tatatgtagcagttagaaagatgaaggaggttaattggcttgaagattaa
>Potential gene 12:12874..13851, 978 bp
atgtctgtagatgaatatggcaaggtttacttgataggtgcgggaccaggtaatccgaattatttgacta
aaaaggctgagcgtttaatacgtgaagcggaagttatactatatgatcgattagtgaatccgttgatttt
acaatatgcgaatttgactactgaaattatcgatgttggtaaaaagccgtatgcaaaacacattcagcaa
gaaaaaataaatgactgtatcgtggaagcagcacgtcgatataacaaggttgtgaggcttaaaggtggcg
acccagcaatatttggacgagttcaagaagaagttgacacactaaacaactttaatattgcgtttgaaat
tgtacctggtgtgacatctgcgagtgctgcagttgctactttgcagacaggtttgacaatgcgtacagtt
gctaaaagtgtgacattttctacaggtcactttaaagattcagaagaaaatgaagtggatgtcaattcct
tagtgaatggtggtacgttagcgatttatatgggggtaaaacgtttagggaaaattatcacacagataca
acagtacacagatattgattatccgatagcgattgtctttcaagcatcgtgttttaacgagtttgttgtt
aaggggcatttaagtaatattatttcaaaattgcaacactattcaattgaggcgaaaccaggtatatgta
ttattggggaagttgttggttatactgaaaacactcctaaatcatatgatcctacgaagcaattttatgt
agtaagtggtgctaaacatgacgcccttatcctctgtgaacatttatatgacgaaggttatggctgtttg
ctaaacccaaatgattcatcgaatggcacatatcattcgtcgcaatatgattactatgatgcgtttatta
agcagcaagaaaatgtaacatatatttcaaccgatcgtgcagatgctaaaacagtgttatgtcactaa
>Potential gene 13:13842..14156, 315 bp
atggaaacgaaagagaaaatcaaagtgacaactttagatgaattgacacccttaattggtaaaaaggtta
ttgtcaaaggcaaagaaataggattgtttttaactgaaagtggtacaattcacgcgattcacaatatttg
tccgcataaacaagggccattgtcagagggaacagtgagtggtgaatatgtattctgtccactccatgat
caaaagattgatttaaatactgggattgtacaagaacctgatgaaggttgtgtagatgtttatgaggtag
aagttacagacgggaacgtatatatatgtctgtag
>Potential gene 14:14160..16565, 2406 bp
atggcaaagcaaaaactagtaatgattggtaacggtatggcgggcattcgaacaatcgaagaaatattag
agcgtgccaatgatttatatgatattacagtaattggtaaagaaccttatcctaattataatcgcatcat
gctttcaaatattttacaaaataaaatgacagttgaagaaacaattatgaatccatatgagtggtatgag
gaacatggtatcgagttaattacaaatgatcctgtaattgaagtagatagagcaaatcaaaatgtaacga
ctgcaaatggtattgaagtagcatacgataaattaatatttgcgacaggatctaaagcatttgtcattcc
agtgccaggttcgaccttaccaagtgttattggctggagaacaattgatgacactgaaaaaatgatggac
attgctaagactaaaaagaaagcgattgttatcggtgggggcttattaggtttagaatgtgcacgtggtt
tattagatcaaggtatggaagtaacagtgttgcatttggctgagtggttgatggaaatgcagttagaccg
taaagctggaaatatgcttaaagcagatctagaaaagcaaggtatgaagtttgaaatgcaagccaacaca
actgaaatcttaggagaagatgatgttgaaggtgttaaattggctgatggacgcgagattccggcagact
tagttgttatggcagtaggtattcgaccatacacagaagtagccaaagaatcaggtctagatgttaatcg
tggtattgttgtcaatgatgtgatgcaaacaagtgatagcaatgtatatgcagtcggtgaatgtgcagaa
cataacggtaaagtttatggtttagttgcacctttatatgaacaaggtaaagtattggcagatcatttaa
cgaataaagaaacagatggatacaaaggttccactacatttacatcattaaaagtttctggttgtgagct
atatagtgctggtcaaattgttgaaaatgctgaaatcaaaggtattgaaatatttaatagtgttgataat
aactataaaaaagtatttttaaaagatggaaatgtggtcggtgcagtcttatatggtgatatcgatgatg
gttcacgcttttataacatgatgaaaaaaggtgaatctactgaagattacacactggtatcattgcttac
taaaggtggagaagaggcatcgctatcaattgctgatatggctgatgatgaaacaatttgtggttgtaat
ggtgttgataaaggtactatagtaaatgctattacggaaaatggctttacaacagttgaagaagtaacgg
ctaaaacaaaagcggggaattcatgtggtaaatgtaaaccgcaaattgctcaaatattgcagcacacctt
aggagatgactttgttgccgcaaaacctgctggtatatgtggttgtactgatttgacacgcgatcaaatt
gtaacgcaaataagagcaaaaggtttaaaaacatctaaagaagttcgacatgttttaaactttaaaaata
aaggtggatgtccaaaatgtcgaccagcaatcaactattatttaaacatggtttatccacatgatcatga
agatgaaagagaatcaagatttgctaacgaacgttaccatgcgaatattcaaaatgatggtacattttct
gttatacctcaaatgcgtggaggtgttacagatgcagaccaactgattcgtctaggagaagtggctaaga
aatatcatgtgccactagttaaagtgacaggttcgcaacgtgttggtttgtatggagttaaaaaagaaga
attaccaaatatatgggaagacttaggtatgcgttcagcatcagcttatggtaagaaaacacgctcagtt
aaaagctgtgtcggcaaagagttttgtcgatttggtacgcaatacacgacacgacttggcattcgtttag
aaaaaacatttgaatacatcgatacacctcataaattcaaaatgggtgtatcaggctgcccaagaagttg
tgttgaatcaggtgttaaagattttggtattatctcagttgaaaatggattccaaatctatatcggtggt
aatggtggtacagaagttgaaaaagctgaatttttaacaactgtagaaacagaagatgaagtaatcaaat
tatgtggtgctttgatgcaatattatcgcgagacaggtatttatgctgaaagaacagcaccgtggttaag
aagactagggtttgaaaatgttaaagaagtgttgcttgatccagaaagacagaatgaattatttgaacgt
attatggatgctaaaaaagcagtcgaagctgaaccttgggaagcaatcactagtaatgcgcaagctcgaa
aaatctttgaagtggagaaggtgtaa
>Potential gene 15:16630..17400, 771 bp
atgatttggtatacaatacgtgtgaaagggttggtaaatgtgaatgggaatatcattgttgcacatggca
tgaggcacggacgacagaatcaagcgttagaagcatttatttctgaattagtaaaagatgatatacatca
ctatgatattgcatttttagaaagtgagcatcaggatttagaaacagtaatgacgacgttgattaaaagt
ggcgttaaaaagcttaagattgtacctttgcttctctttagtgccatgcactatctcaaggatataccga
atatcgttcatgaaatgacacagcgttatccagacataacggtagaagtaagcgagccacttggtacaca
tcctttaatgagacgattaattgaacaacgtatttgtgacgcattagcaggtgacgaacaacaagttgga
gttatggttgttgcacatggcaatattaatggcaagtttacaaaagcacatgaagagttacagacatgcg
ttcaacatttgcagattaataaacctacttatgcgagaacgctatatggtgaaatcagttttatacatga
tttagaagatattgcgagacagtatcaaaaattgattgtcgtacctttatttttatatgacggaagactt
gttaacaaagtgaagcagcaaatgaatgacatggttattaatacagatatacacatcacaccttcaatta
acttcgacccaattttaaagcaaatcattaaagatagattagaaagcttaatgattccaatgaaaatata
a
>Potential gene 16:17594..18130, 537 bp
atgacaaaaacgatgattcgactcgcaagtgaacaagatgcagaaaaattgcaacaactcatgcatgaag
catttacgcctctaagagaacttggcatagactggccttcagtaaatgcaaatttagatgctgtgaaaga
aaatatagataaaaatactacatttgtcatgacaattgatgatgaaattatatctacgattacggtcaga
tatccttggggaagtgtgaaaagcatttcgggctatccttttgtctggtggtttgcgacaaatcctgagt
atgaagggaaaggctatggtagccaattacttacttatgttgaagaaacatttttgcgagatacgttaaa
gtcagcggcagttactttaggtacatctgcaagattgcatccgtggttacttaaaatttatgaaaaaaga
ggttatgaaatatacagcgaacatgaaaatgatgatggcgatttaggtgtaatcatgcgtaaagtattaa
tacctgaacgttttgaagaaacgattctaggccaaccaccattttaa
>Potential gene 17:18364..19110, 747 bp
atgaaacaagtgatggtacagcaaacaccaggacgatacatgctaaaatctatgatggcaggtttcttat
tgtccattgttactgtttttatgtttggtattaaaacacaattcgcaagtacacatgttgatggtctcat
taatttaatgggagcaattgctttcagcttaggattggtcttagttgtactaacgaattctgaattatta
acaagtaattttatgtattttacagttggctggtattataaagttgtttctcttaataagatgatgtgga
ttttattatattgtttccttggaaatattttaggtggttttgtattattcttcttaatgaaatatgcaca
tgttatgacaccagaaatgacacaagctttaactgccttagttcagaaaaaaacagtcgattcgacttgg
ttgaatatttttacaaaaggtattttctgtaacttctttattaatatcggtatttttatttctatgcaat
tcaaaggcggattgacaaaagcattcttcattgcttgtggcgttatagtctttgtatacatgggatatga
gcacgttgtattcaatgctggtttatatgcaggtatggtgttcttcaaccttgatgcagtttcatggtta
cacgttttaaaaaatatcgcttttgctttcttaggtaactttgtcggtggcggtatttttgtaggtctcg
tttatgctttcttaaatggtaagcgtaatcgtttagagcaacaataa
>Potential gene 18:19391..19588, 198 bp
atgaaggatgattcgatggtacaacgttacattaaagtattaatattatatatttttactacacttttat
cttcaattactgttacttcgaaatgtgtaccaaataaagttgttagatttattttgcgtacagtcgtagg
ctacggtatatttgcatatggtttacattacttttcaaatttaaaaaagaataagtaa
>Potential gene 19:19660..20127, 468 bp
atgacgattaaagttgaagataataaaattattttttcaagaacgatagaagcaccgattgaaaaggtgt
ttgatgcctatacgacaaaagcattatttgaaaaatggtttcatccaaaagacgctagtaccaaagtgtt
tcgctttaatgctgtttcaggcggtgatgcattttatgcgattaaaacacctacaatgaccagctataca
ttagcagaatataaaacggttaagcgtccatatttaattgaatatattgactcatttgcgacacctcaag
gtgcaaaagatacgaaaatgccaagcatgaaaattactttgtcattttccaagagcaatacaacgaaaac
gacagttacatcaacatcggtatttccaacaaaagaagccgctcaacaagtcgtaaacatgggtgttgag
caagggatgaatcaaacattagatcaacttgatgctttattgaaataa
>Potential gene 20:20313..21863, 1551 bp
atgaaaaagaaattaggtatgttacttcttgtaccagccgtaactttatcattagccgcatgtgggaatg
atgatggaaaagataaagatggcaaggtaacaattaaaacgacagtttatccattgcaatcatttgcaga
gcaaattggtggaaaacacgtgaaggtatcatcaatctatccagcagggacagatttacatagctatgaa
ccaacacaaaaagatatattaagtgcaagcaagtcagacttgtttatgtatacaggggataatttagatc
cggttgctaagaaagttgcatctactatcaaagataaagataaaaaactgtctttagaggataaattaga
taaagcaaagcttttaactgatcaacacgagcatggtgaagagcatgaacatgagggacatgatcatgag
aaagaagaacatcatcatcatcatggtggatatgatccacacgtatggttagatcctaaaattaaccaaa
ctttcgctaaagaaattaaagatgaattagtgaaaaaagatctaaaacataaagatgactatgagaaaaa
ctacaaaaaattaaacgacgatcttaagaaaattgataacgatatgaagcaagttacaaaagataagcaa
ggtaatgcagtattcatttcacatgaatcaattggatacttagctgatcgttatggttttgttcaaaaag
gtattcaaaacatgaatgctgaagatccatcacaaaaagaattaactaaaattgttaaagaaattagaga
tagcaatgctaaatatattctttacgaagataatgttgcgaataaagtgactgaaacaattcgtaaagaa
acagatgcgaagcctttaaaattctacaacatggagtctttaaataaagaacaacagaaaaaagataata
ttacgtatcaatcattaatgaaatcgaatattgaaaatatcggtaaagctttagacagtggtgttaaagt
gaaagacgacaaagctgaaagtaaacacgataaagcaatttctgatgggtattttaaagatgagcaagtt
aaagaccgtgaattaagcgattatgctggtgaatggcaatctgtttacccttacttaaaagacggtacgc
ttgatgaagtgatggaacataaagctgaaaatgatccgaagaaatctgctaaagatttaaaagcttacta
tgacaaaggatataaaactgatattactaacattgatataaaaggaaatgaaattacatttactaaagat
ggtaagaaacacactggtaaatatgaatacaatggtaagaaaacattgaaatatcctaaaggtaaccgtg
gcgtgagatttatgtttaaattggtcgatggtaatgataaagacttaccgaaattcatccaatttagcga
tcacaacattgcacctaaaaaggcagaacacttccatatctttatgggtaatgataatgacgcgttatta
aaagaaatggataactggccaacatattatccttcaaaattaaataaagaccaaatcaaagaagaaatgt
tagcgcattaa
>Potential gene 21:22001..22270, 270 bp
atgactattgtacaaatatgatacagaaaactttatagtatttacgaacgtcataatataagaaaaaaga
caatctctatcatattgctaatagaaattgccttttcatattgtcctaaaataacttaccctatttttat
agtgtgacttttagatttaataatggtatttacatgatgctatttttatatgcttgtcatctactgtata
aaccaatctatgttcgtgattgatacgtctactataatacccagtcagattcgattttaa
>Potential gene 22:22157..22423, 267 bp
atggctaggttaaatattacgttttcgcctcaagcctttgaagattataagtattttcagcagaacgata
aaaaaatggtgaagaagattaatgagttacttaaaagtattgacagaaatggtgcattggaaggtatagg
taagcctgaaaagttaaaatcgaatctgactgggtattatagtagacgtatcaatcacgaacatagattg
gtttatacagtagatgacaagcatataaaaatagcatcatgtaaataccattattaa
>Potential gene 23:22423..22674, 252 bp
atgattattaaaaattattcatacgctcgacagaatttaaaggcacttatgacaaaagtaaatgatgata
gtgatatggtaactgtaacatctactgatgataaaaacgtagtaatcatgtcagaatcagattataactc
catgatggaaacactttacctccaacagaacccaaataatgctgagcacttagctcaatcaattgcagat
ctagaacgtgggaaaactataacgaaagatatagatgtataa
>Potential gene 24:22945..23544, 600 bp
atgactaaaaaattactaacattatttatagtgagcatgttaattttaacagcttgcggtaaaaaagaat
cagcaacgacatcttcgaaaaacggcaaaccattagttgtcatatatggcgactataaatgtccttattg
taaagaattagatgaaaaagtcatgccaaagttgcgtaaaaattatatagataatcacaaagtggaatac
caatttgtcaatttagctttcttaggtaaagactcaattgttggttcgcgtgcgagtcatgcagtattga
tgtatgcacctaaatcatttttagattttcaaaagcaattatttgctgcccagcaagatgaaaataaaga
atggttaacaaaagaactattagataaacatattaaacaactgcatttagataaagagacggaaaataaa
attataaaagattacaagacaaaagatagcaagtcttggaaagctgcagagaaagataaaaaaatagcta
aagataatcatataaaaacgacaccaactgcatttattaatggcgagaaagttgaagatccatatgatta
tgaaagttatgagaagttattaaaagataaaatcaaatag
>Potential gene 25:24180..25430, 1251 bp
atgaactttgtaacgttgacttcggatgagttcaatgcgtttacaacaaagcatttttcacattacacac
aatcagctattcattacaatcatagagttgatttaaaaggcgatgtgcatcttgtaggggttaaagatga
caatggtcaagtgattgcaggatgcttattgacagaagcacgcacacttaaatttttcaaatatttttat
acacatcgcgggccagtgatggattatacaaatcaatcattagtagcatttttctttaaagcattaacgt
catatttaaagaaacaaaattgtttatatgtccttgtagatccatatttaattgaaaatttacgcaatgc
agacggtgaaattgttaagtcttatgataaccgagcatttgttagaacaatggataaattaggttataaa
caccaaggtttccctgtaggttatgattcaatgagccaaatccgttggctgtcagtgttagatttaaaag
ataagactgaagaccaacttttaaaagaaatggattatcaaacgagacgtaatattaaaaaaacatatga
tattggtgtcaaaactaaaacgttaacgattgatgaaacgcaaacctttttcgacttattccatatggct
gaggaaaagcacggtttcaaattccgtgagttaccatactttgaagaaatgcaaaaactatatggtgatc
acgccatgttaaagttagcttatatcgatttaaatgattatttgaaaacattacaattgaaacaacagca
attagctgctgagctctcaggtgttgaagaggcattggaagaaagtccgaattcaaagaaaaataaaacg
aaacgaacacagttagaacaacagttaagcagtaataagcgaaaaattgataatacaatagaacaaattg
aacaagatggtgcagtgttgaacttagcttctgctttgtttatctacaatgagcatgaagtttattactt
atctagtggttcaaaccctaaatataatgcttatatgggtgcctaccatttgcagtgggaaatgattaag
tttgctaaagcgcatcatattgatcgctataatttctatggtattaccggtgacttttcagagtcatcag
aagattatggcgtacaacaattcaaaaaaggatttaacgcacacgtcgaagaatatattggtgattttat
taaaccaatcaaacctatgctttacaaattacaaacatacttaaaacataaacgccgttaa
>Potential gene 26:25515..26309, 795 bp
atgctttattatttcaataatccaaggtatctacgaatcttatattgaaagagggtatcgctcatgattc
aattgaacaatatccataaatcatttaatgatgttgaagtcatcaaaggtattgatttatctgttgacaa
aggtgaggttgtaaccttaattggccgatctgggtcaggtaaaacaacgttgttacgaatgattaatgcg
ttagaaattccaactgaaggtacagtatttgttaacggcaaaacatatacatctaaagataaaaaatcac
aaatagaagttcgtaaacaatctggtatggtatttcaaagctataatctttttccgcataagacggcatt
agaaaatgtaatggaaggtcttattacagttaaaaagttgaaaaaggctgaagctcgtgagaaatctcta
gaattacttgagaaagttggtttgacacatgtcaaagatcaacgaccacatgcattatcaggtggtcaac
agcaacgtgttgccattgcgagagcattagctatgaatcctaaagtgatgttgtttgatgaaccaacatc
tgcacttgatcctgaacttgtgaatgatgtgttaaaggtgattaaagatttagcgaatgagggcatgaca
atggtcattgtgacacatgaaatgcgttttgctagagaagtatctaataacattgtattcattcatgaag
gtgtaattggagaacaaggggcacctgaagagatttttaacaatccaaaaactgaagaactaaaacgttt
tttaaatgttattaatgaagaataa
>Potential gene 27:26156..26962, 807 bp
atgtttctaaatctaaatagtgaacaactacatgcacttgatgccgcaaaacaagcttttgggcctatgc
tcgaaggtctggtgaaatattcaattccgattaccctcgtaacatttgtattagggttaatcattgcatt
atttacagcattgatgcgcatttcaacgagtaaagttttaagaagtattgcacgtgtctatgtatctatt
attcgtgggacacctatgatagtacaattatttatcatcttttatggtattccagaattaggtagattat
taactaatgatgcagataatcaatggacattggcgcctgtggtcgctgccattattggtttgtcattaaa
tgtaggtgcatatgcttcagaaattattcgtggcggtattatttctataccaaaaggacaaacagaagct
gcatattctatcggtatgacatatcgtcaaacgatacagcgcatcattttaccgcaggcaattcgagtat
ctatacctgcactaggtaatacatttttaagtttaatcaaagatacatcattactaggatttattttagt
ggctgaaatgtttagaaaagctcaagaagttgcgtctacaacatatgaatatttaacaatttatgtgtta
gttgcgctaatgtactgggtggtatgctttattatttcaataatccaaggtatctacgaatcttatattg
aaagagggtatcgctcatgattcaattgaacaatatccataaatcatttaatgatgttgaagtcatcaaa
ggtattgatttatctgttgacaaaggtgaggttgtaa
>Potential gene 28:26943..27722, 780 bp
atgaaaagacttttatttgtggtgatagctttcgttttcatattagctgcatgtgggaacaattcgtcta
aagacaaggaagctagtaaagatagcaagacaattaatgttggtactgaggggacttatgcaccatttag
tttccatgataaagatggtaaattaactggttacgatattgatgttattaaagcagtagctaaagaagaa
ggtttaaaacttaaatttaatgaaacttcttgggattctatgtttgcaggtttagacgcagggcgttttg
atgtaatcgcgaaccaagtgggtattaatcctgatagagaaaagaaatataaattttctaaaccttacac
attctcaagtgctgttttagttattcgtgaaaatgaaaaagatattaaagattttgatgatgttaaaggt
aagaagttagcacaaacattcacatctaattatggtaaattagctaaggataaaggtgctgatattacaa
aagttgatggctttaaccaatcaatggatttattattgtctaagcgtgttgatggtacatttaatgacag
tctgtcatacttagattataaaaaacaaaaacctaatgctaagatcaaggcaatcaaaggtaacgctgaa
caaagtaaatctgcatttgcattttctaaaaaagtggatgacgaaacagttcaaaaattcaatgatggct
tgaaaaaaatcgaggaaaacggtgaattagctaaaataggtaagaaatggtttggtcaagatgtttctaa
atctaaatag
>Potential gene 29:27843..29282, 1440 bp
atgtcgaagaaacaaaaattaacgatgattattactatgctgatgggtggattttttggattattaaatg
aaacactattagtgacggctttaccaagtattatgaaagattttgaaatttcatatacacaagttcaatg
gctgacaacagcttttttattgactaatgggattgttattcctttgtccgcgcttgttatacaacgttat
acaacaagacaagtgtttttagtgggtatttctatctttttcttaggtacattactcggcggtttgagtc
cacactttgcaacattattagttgctagaattattcaggcgttaggtgctggaattatgatgcctttaat
gatgacaacgattttagatatttttcaaccgcatgagcgtggtaaatatatgggcatatttggcctcgtt
attggtttagcaccagctattggacctactctttcaggttaccttgttgaatattttaactggagatcgc
ttttccatgttgtcgctccaattgcagctgtgacatttttaattggatttaaaacgataaaaaatgttgg
aactacaattaaagtacctattgattttatttctgtcattttttctgtactaggtttcggcgggttattg
tatggaacgagttcaatttcggaaaaaggttttgataatcctatcgtattagtttcgatgattggaggcg
ttgttttagtcgcattatttgtattacgtcaatatcggctatcaacaccattattaaattttgcagtatt
taaaaataaacaatttacagttggtatcattattatgggtgtcacaatggtatcaatgattggttcggaa
acgattttaccaatttttgtgcaaaatttattgcatcgttcagctttagattctgggttaactttattac
caggagcaattgttatggcatttatgtcgatgacttcaggtgccttatatgaaaagttcggtccaagaaa
attagctttagtcggtatggcaatcgttattattaccactggttactttgttgtaatggatgaacagaca
tcgacaattatgttggcaacggtttatgcgattcgaatggttggtatcgccttaggtttaattcctgtta
tgacgcatacaatgaatcaattaaaacctgaaatgaacgcacacggttcatctatgacaaacacagtaca
acaaattgctggttctatcggaacagctgcattaattactattttatctcatgcaagcaaaaacttttct
ccaactatgtcagactataatggcatgaacaaaattgagatgatgaatcaaattaaagttgatacgatgt
tacatggttatcacgctggatttttatttgcactattgattacagtgattagtttcttttgttcatttat
gttacaaggaaagaaaaaagaagttgattcacatcaataa
>Potential gene 30:29714..30400, 687 bp
atgccaaaattaattttatgtcgtcatggacaaagcgagtggaatgctaaaaacttatttactggatggg
aagatgttaatttatctgaacaaggtattaatgaagcgactagagcaggtgaaaaagtaagagaaaataa
cattgccatcgatgtagcttttacatcgttattaacacgtgctttagatacaacgcattatattttaact
gaatctaaacaacaatggattcctgtatataaaagctggcgtttaaatgaacgccactatggtggattgc
aaggcttaaataaagatgatgctagaaaagaatttggagaagaacaagtacatatttggcgtcgttctta
tgatgtgaaaccgcctgctgaaaccgaagaacaacgtgaagcttacttagctgatcgtcgatataatcat
ttagataaacgtatgatgccttattctgaaagtctgaaagatactttagttcgagtgataccattttgga
cagatcatatttcacaatatttgctagatggtcaaacggtattagtttctgcacacggaaattcaattcg
agcattgattaaatatcttgaagatgtgtcagatgaagatatcattaattatgaaattaaaacaggtgca
ccgcttgtttatgaattaaccgatgatttagaagttatagataaatactacttataa
>Potential gene 31:30727..31593, 867 bp
atgtctcataatgaaaatcttaaattggcgcaacgcggtgcttatttgagtttgattgtatatataatct
tatctattgttaagtatgtcacaggttttgtctttaactctgcagctgtaagagccgacgcattaaacaa
tatgacagatattatcgtttctttagctgttattattggattgaaaatttcaattaaacctgccgatcga
aatcatccttatggccatttgaagtctgaaaatatttcttcattattggtgtcatttgtcattatgtttg
taggtatccaagtagttattcaaaatgcacctcgtttgttcaaagaagatgacgttgtacctaacgcaat
aacaattatcgtcagcttaatcagtggtcttgtaatgttgattgtatttgcagtcaatcaaagactagcg
aaaagaacgaaaagtagttctttaaattctgccgccaaagataatttatcagatagtttagtcagcattg
gaacggcgataggattaatttttacgcaaatcggtttcccaattgtcgatattattttagcaacattgct
aggcttactaatcgtttatactggttttggtatttttaaagaagcaatttttatgttgagtgatggtttc
aatgaaactgaattagaagcgtatcgcaatgatattttagaagttgatgaagtacaagaagttaaaagta
ttaaagggcgttaccatggaagtagtgtgtttattgatgtcacaattgttgtagatgctaacctttcctt
agtagcagcgcatcaaatttgtgacaatgtcgaacatcatttgcacaaaaaaggtatttcctcagtatac
gttcacccagaaccagaccatctataa
>Potential gene 32:32291..33601, 1311 bp
atgaaaaataaatatatctcgaagttgctagttggggcagcaacaattactttagctacaatgatttcaa
atggggaagcaaaagcgagtgaaaacacgcaacaaacttcaactaagcaccaaacaactcaaaacaacta
cgtaacagatcaacaaaaagctttttatcaagtattacacctaaaaggtatcacagaagaacaacgtaac
caatacatcaaaacattacgcgaacacccagaacgtgcacaagaagtattctctgaatcacttaaagaca
gcaagaacccagaccgacgtgttgcacaacaaaacgctttttacaatgttcttaaaaatgataacttaac
tgaacaagaaaaaaataattacattgcacaaattaaagaaaaccctgatagaagccaacaagtttgggta
gaatcagtacaatcttctaaagctaaagaacgtcaaaatattgaaaatgcggataaagcaattaaagatt
tccaagataacaaagcaccacacgataaatcagcagcatatgaagctaactcaaaattacctaaagattt
acgtgataaaaataaccgctttgtagaaaaagtttcaattgaaaaagcgatcgttcgtcatgatgagcgt
gtgaaatcagcaaacgatgccattactaaattacaaaaaaatgattcaattgaaaacagacgtttagcac
aacgtgaagttaataaagcacctatggatgtacaaaagcacttacagaaacaattagacgcattagtagc
tcaaaaagatgctgaaaagaaagtggcgccaaaagttgaggctcctcaaattcaatcaccacaaattgaa
aaacctaaagcagaatcaccaaaagttgaagtccctcaaattcaatcgccaaaagttgaggttcctcaat
ctaaattattaggttactaccaatcattaaaagattcatttaactatggttacaagtatttaacagatac
ttataaaagctataaagaaaaatatgatacagcaaagtactacactgataaatattttaaatataaaggt
acaatagataaaactgtactatcagtttttggtaatggatacaaatcatacatccaaccattaaaagttg
aagatcaaaaaaattatgtatctaaatcatatgcacaagtaagaaactatgtaactgaaactttaaacac
aggtaaagtattatatgcattttatcaaaatccaaaagtagttaaagctgctataactacagctgaaaca
gcaacatcaatcaaaaatatcttctctagttttacatcattttttaaataa
>Potential gene 33:34056..35021, 966 bp
atgaacttaaaattaaatagaaagaaagtgatttctatgattaaaaataaaatattaacagcaactttag
cagttggtttaatcgcccctttagctaatccatttatagaaatttctaaagcagaaaataagatagaaga
tatcgggcaaggtgcagaaatcatcaaaagaacacaagacattactagcaaacgattagctataactcaa
aacattcaatttgattttgtaaaagataaaaaatataacaaagatgccctagttgttaagatgcaaggct
tcatcagctctagaacaacatattcagacttaaaaaaatatccatatattaaaagaatgatatggccatt
tcaatataatatcagtttgaaaacgaaagactctaatgttgatttaatcaattatcttcctaaaaataaa
attgattcagcagatgttagtcaaaaattaggctataatatcggcggaaacttccaatcagcgccatcaa
tcggaggcagtggctcattcaactactctaaaacaattagttataatcaaaaaaactatgttactgaagt
agaaagtcagaactctaaaggtgttaaatggggagtgaaagcaaattcattcgttacaccgaatggtcaa
gtatctgcatatgatcaatacttatttgcccaagacccaactggtccagcagcaagagactatttcgtcc
cagataatcaactacctcctttaattcaaagtggctttaatccatcatttattacaacattgtcacacga
aaaaggtaaaggtgataaaagcgagtttgaaatcacttacggcagaaacatggatgctacatatgcttac
gtgacaagacatcgtttagccgttgatagaaaacatgatgcttttaaaaaccgaaacgttacagttaaat
atgaagtgaactggaaaacacatgaagtaaaaattaaaagcatcacacctaagtaa
>Potential gene 34:35589..36551, 963 bp
atgcttaaaaataaaatattagctacaactatatctgtaagcttacttgcccctcttgccaatccgttat
tagaaaatgctaaagctgccaatgatactgaagacatcggtaaaggaaacgatgtagaaattatcaaaag
gacagaagataaaacaagtaataaatggggagtgactcaaaatatccaattcgactttgtgaaggataaa
aaatataacaaagatgctttgatcctaaagatgcaaggattcattagctctcgaacaacatattataact
ataaaaatacaaatcatattaaatctatgcgttggcccttccaatataatattgggttaaaaacaaatga
tccaaatgtttctttaatcaattatttaccgaaaaataaaattgaatctacaaatgtgagccagacatta
ggatacaatatcggcggtaatttccaatcagccccatcactcggtggtaatggatcctttaactactcta
aatcgattagctatacacaacaaaattatgtcagtgaagtggaacaacaaaactcaaaaagtgttttatg
gggtgtcaaagcgaattcattcgtcactgcatcaggtcaaaagtcagcatttgatagtgatttattcgta
ggatacaaaccaaatagcaaagatccaagagattattttgttccagacagcgaattaccacctcttgtgc
aaagtggatttaacccttcatttatcgcaacagtatctcatgaaaaaggttcaggcgacacgagcgaatt
tgaaatcacttatggaagaaatatggatgtcactcatgccattaaaagatcaacacattatggcaacagt
tatttagatggtcacagagtccataatgcatttaaaaatagaaactacactgtgaaatatgaagtcaatt
ggaagacacacgaaatcaaagtgaaaggacagaattgatatgaacatgaataa
>Potential gene 35:36436..37515, 1080 bp
atggtcacagagtccataatgcatttaaaaatagaaactacactgtgaaatatgaagtcaattggaagac
acacgaaatcaaagtgaaaggacagaattgatatgaacatgaataaattagtcaaatcatccgttgctac
atctatggcattattattactttctggtactgctaatgctgaaggcaaaatcacaccagttagcgtcaaa
aaagtagatgataaagttactttatacaaaactacagctacagcagattcagataaattcaaaatttcac
agattttaacatttaatttcatcaaagataaaagttatgataaagatactttagtacttaaagctgcagg
taatattaactcaggttatgaaagaccaaaccctaaagactatgacttttcaaaaatatattggggtgca
aaatacaatgtgtctatcagttcacaatctaatgattcggttaatgtagtagactatgcacctaaaaatc
aaaatgaagaatttcaagtgcaaaacactttaggatacacatttggtggtgacatcagtatctctaatgg
tttatctggtggacttaacggaaacactgctttttctgaaacaattaactacaaacaagaaagttacaga
acaactttaagtcgcaacacaaattataaaaatgtcggttggggtgtagaagcacataaaattatgaata
atggttggggcccctatggccgagatagcttccatccaacatatggcaatgaaatcttcttagctggtag
acaaagcagttcatatgcaggccaaaacttcatagcgcaacaccaaatgccattattatctagaagtaac
ttcaatccagaatttttaagcgtactatcacacagacaagatggcgctaaaaaatctaaaattacagtaa
cttatcaacgtgaaatggatttataccaaattcgttggaatgggttctactgggcaggcgcaaattataa
aaactttaaaactagaacatttaaatcaacatatgaaattgattgggaaaatcacaaagtgaaattgtta
ggtacaaaagaaactgaaaacaataaatag
>Potential gene 36:37567..38058, 492 bp
atgaaacggtataggggttttagtatgacatcaaaagatattactcaaattagtgtcattgctgcgattt
taaccattttggcagttttgaaaataccatccattataccaggtttagattttcaattatctgcaccggc
agcattattgatattagctttctttggaattaaaaagtactttttaggtggattattatctagcctatta
ttactagtatttggtgtatttaatccaattaatgtgattatctctattatatttagagttatagctattg
cagttgtttatttattgaaaataaatgtactatcattagttttagcaagtgtattaggcagtttggtatc
taggctactattatctattattttaaatttacctgtgtgggtagtgttattaaacgcgattccaggcgta
atattcactttaattgtagctattcctttatatctcacattgagaaaaagaatggcagtcttactaagat
aa
>Potential gene 37:38045..38737, 693 bp
atgtatagtataaaaatgcgttctagcaatcaagatgttcatattagtggtgctgaaacgatttgtgagt
ttgacaaaatagaacagacggtacgaaggttttataataaaggtttttttcatgaaaatgggcaaccgga
ttttctcaatataaaaatacaaaaaatcatggaaccgattcaacaaataaaagcattacaaattactgag
gatgataaagcaaatctccaacatttaacacaagaatgtggtgtcactgaacaagcgctaaatcaaggga
tgacatatattaaaaatgaaacggtttatacaggagctattattctatctgctatatctggtaaacgttt
agattcatttggacaaagagggattagggcaacgcatttttcgtttgaagatataaataataaaggtgat
cttaatgaaagagtgactgatgccttagcaattgctagttgtatcaatgcgcatccatatgtcaaaggag
aactttgtgtgtccgatgacttaacgtatacgacaggttattttgcctctgctaaaattggttaccatcg
attatttgatattaaaccagttaatacgagatatggaggcagaataatatttgtggacgatcgtattgat
ttaaatcattacatatcatttttagaaagcacaccgaagcaagttgtttatgaaacggtatag
>Potential gene 38:38730..39917, 1188 bp
atgatttgggctttgaaattgattatgacacttgtgaaaataaggaaaacaagaatgatgtttcaagagc
aaattgatttattacaacagaaagggttatatcggtcgcttaaatcggtagggtatatagatagacagta
tattgaagtagaaaataagcgatgtacgaactatacatctaatgattatttaggattaggacaaatagcg
tttgataaggatgatttcgaaagatttatgcggaagtatagttatcacttatcaagttcaagattaatta
gtggaagttcgacagcttatgaagagattgaaacaatgttagcaggttggctcggatataatgcatgtac
tatcttaaatagtggttatgatgctaatttggcgttatttaatattttcaaaaatacaaattgtgtcgtg
ttttcagatcaagaaaatcatgcgagtattattgacggtattaagttaagtggtttagaaaaagtgatat
ataagcatctagatattgctgatttagaaaaaaggttagcggaataccctaatcaaaatatacaaaaaat
aatcatatctgatagtgtattttcaacgaatggcgacgttgtggacattggtcaattagtctcattaaag
cataaatataacgcaacactgatactcgatgtttcacatagttttggaatagagaattactcgaattatc
aaggcatagatatactcacttctagtttatctaaagcatgtggtgcatacgggggtgtgattttaagttc
aaatgatgtgaaggatatgttaattaatcacggtagaccactcatctactcaagtagtttgccaatttat
aatttgtattttataaaaagaaatattgaaaagttaataaatgctgatgatagacgcactaaattaaata
gtttgattaaatattttaaccaaaagttaaaaacactcaatgttaattataatagttcaaactcgccgat
taagtttattgagtttgatgacatagaagcggctaagaacattcatcaaacattattaaagcatcatgtg
tttacaagttatttaaggtatccaactgtgactaagccaatgttaagaatatcattgtcgtattttcata
ctgaacaagatgtagataggttgtttgaaattttgcatcaagaagattgaggtgatcgtcatgtatag
>Potential gene 39:39805..40848, 1044 bp
atgaatttggctaaacgcatattacaaggggaacaattaacaaaagagactgtattgaaaatttatgagg
atactaatattgataccttagatttattaaatgaggcgtacattttaagaaaacattatttcggtaaaaa
agtaaaattaaatatgattttaaatgctaaaagtggtatatgtcctgagaattgtgggtactgtggacaa
tcacgagatattaaacaaaaacagcgatatgctttaattccagaggaacaaattatcgatggagcaaagg
tagcacatgataatcatattggaacatattgtattgttatgagtggtagagggccgagcgataaagaagt
tgatcatattagtaacactgtaagaacgattaaatctcaacacccgcaactaaaaatatgtgcatgttta
ggattaacgaatgacgaacaagctaagaaacttaagtctgctggtgtagacagatataaccacaatatta
atacaagtgaaaattaccatgataacgtcgtgacaacgcatagttataaagatagaacagatacgataga
actaatgaaagcgaataatatatcaccatgttctggcgtgatttgtggtatgggagaatctaatcaagat
attgttgatatggcatttgctttgaaagaaatggatgccgacagtattccgattaattttttacatccaa
ttaaaggtacaaagttcggtagcatggatgatttaacaccaatgaaatgtttaagaatcgtagcattatt
ccgattaatcaatcctacgaaagaaattcgtattgctggaggaagagaggtcaacttacgttcgttacag
ccattagcattaaaagcggcgaattcaatatttgtcggtgattatctaattactggtgggcaaccgaacc
aattagactacgatatgattaatgatttgggctttgaaattgattatgacacttgtgaaaataaggaaaa
caagaatgatgtttcaagagcaaattgatttattacaacagaaagggttatatcggtcgcttaa
>Potential gene 40:40850..42208, 1359 bp
atgaattacacacaacaacttaaacaaaaagactcagaatatgtttggcatccatttacacaaatgggtg
tatatagcaaagaagaagcaatcatcattgaaaaaggaaagggtagctacctttacgatacgaatggcaa
taaatatttagatggttatgcatcgttgtgggtcaatgtgcatggtcataataataaatacttaaataag
gtaattaaaaagcaactcaataaaattgcccattctacgctgctaggatcatcaaatattccgtcaatag
aacttgcggaaaaattaatcgaaatcacgccaagtaatctaagaaaagtattttattctgatacaggcag
tgcgtctgttgaaatcgcaataaagatggcatatcagtattggaaaaatattgatagagaaaaatatgcc
aagaaaaacaagtttataacgctaaattacggttatcatggggatacgattggtgcggtaagtgttggtg
gtatcaagacctttcataaaatatttaaagacttaatatttgagaatattcaagtagaaagcccatcttt
ctatcgcagtaattacgatactgaaaatgaaatgatgacagctattttaacgaatatagagcaaattcta
attgaaagaaatgatgaaatcgcagggtttatattggaaccgttgattcaaggtgcgacaggcttgtttg
ttcatcctaaaggctttttgaaagaagtcgagaaattgtgcaaaaaatacgatgtcttattaatttgtga
tgaggtagctgttggttttgggagaactggaaagatgtttgcatgtaatcatgaagatgttcaaccggat
attatgtgtttaggtaaggcgattacaggtggctacttaccacttgcagttacattgacatctcaaaaaa
tatacaatgcatttttaagtgattcgcatggtgtgaatacctttttccatggtcatacatacaccggaaa
tcaaatcgtttgtacggttgcattagaaaatataagactttatgaaaaacgtaagttattgtcacatatt
gaaacgacatcatcaacacttgagaaacagttacatgcgctgaagcgtcatcgaaatgttggtgatgtaa
gaggacgaggcttaatgtttggagttgaattggttacagataaagatagtaaaacgccgttagaaattga
aaaagttgaacgtattgtacgtaattgtaaagaaaatgggctaatgattagaaatttagaaaatgtcatt
acgtttgtgccagtgttaagtatgtcaaataaagaagtgaaaacgatggtacgtatttttaaaaaggcag
tacataacattttagataggaagtgttaa
>Potential gene 41:42186..42872, 687 bp
atgaggatttttattacaagtacgaatactgatgtaggcaaaacctatgttacaaagcatttataccatg
ctttgaaaacacgtggtcatcgtgtttgtgtttttaaaccatttcaaactgaggaacgccaagacgggac
atttccagatttagaagtatttaaaaatgaatgtgatttaagctatgacataacgtcactttatactttt
aagcaacctgtatcaccacaccttgcatttaaaatggcagatcaaatttttctaaataagcagcgtgtat
tagataaggtaaaagttttagataaggaatttgattttatcttaattgagggggctgggggaattgccgt
accaatatatgaaggtacagatgatttctacatgactaaagatctaatcaatgattgtgcagattgtgtc
atcagtgtgttgccatcaaaattaggtgctattagcgatgccattgttcaccaagattatgttaatcaga
atgtatcagcgagtaattttttaataatgaatcgctatacagacagctatattgaaaaagacaatcaaat
gacgattggaaaattaacaaataaaacagtctatacatttgaagaacatgccacgtatgaaaatttctca
gaagcatttttaaaacaattaataggagttaaaaatgaattacacacaacaacttaa
>Potential gene 42:42927..43094, 168 bp
atgcaattattaattttaactgacatattttatcgaatcgctgtttatatctgcccgaattctgtaagaa
gccttagtcatttcaatagcaaggtcaaaattttgccaaaatttatagttatactgagaagtttaaattc
atgttttcttgaaaaacatgcgccttaa
>Potential gene 43:43245..43439, 195 bp
atgagaatgaaggaagaccatatgaaaaacggccaacttaagccaggatacaatttacaaatagcgacaa
attctcaatttgttttatcctatgacctatttcaaaacccgacagatactagaactttaattccattttt
aacaatgattcaaaataccttcggttatttaccggagtataaatcccctcactag
>Potential gene 44:43902..44258, 357 bp
atgtataaaaattataacatgacccaatttacactaccaatagaaacttctgttagaatccctcaaaatg
atatttcgcgatatgttaatgaaattgttgaaacgatacctgatagcgaattcgatgaattcagacatca
tcgtggcgcaacatcctatcatccaaaaatgatgttaaaaatcatcttatatgcatatactcaatctgta
ttttctggtcgtagaatagagaaattacttcatgacagtattcgaatgatgtggttagctcaagatcaaa
caccttcttataaaactattaatcgttttagagtgaatcctaatactgatgcgttaatagaatctttatt
tatttag
