
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:161..1357, 1197 bp
atgaaaggtattaaaccaaattatgccgagcttggtcgacaatataattgtgatccaagaacagttaaaa
aatattatgaagcaggaaaagaaaatgaattagaacgattgaagaaaagacaacaaaataagaaagcatc
aaaactagatccatttaaagaaattattaataaaaaaattgaattaggatgtacagctatggccattttt
aaatatatagagaaaaagggttatgaaggtaaatatactattctacgagaatactgtaaaaataaaaaac
aaaatgagactaaaaaagcaactatacgcgtagaaactaatcccggtatagctgctcaagtagactggaa
agaagatatggtaatgcatgataagtttggcagaacttatcaattcaacatctttctttacgttctacac
tattcaaaaatgaagtatatcacattaacttgggatagaaaacaagataccttatttgaatgtttaaaag
acgcttttgaatacaccgaaggggttccaaaagaaatctggttcgataatatgagaactgtagttgatcg
acctagaacacaatataaaaaagtcgtctttaataatttattttatcaatttagtaaggatgccaacttt
gaacctattgcttgtagaccctatcgtcctcaaacaaaagggtctgttgaatcattagctaaatttgttg
aacagcgtttaagaccatacgattatgaattttatgatgctgtagaacttattgggctagtaaacgattt
atgtcacgaattgaatcacttagaaatttcacaagcaacagaacaacgacctatcgacgttttcaattat
gaagaaaaagaacatttaaattcttttaatgccaagttactagatacttacatcgaaaatgagtgtataa
gaatcgtttctaaagaatcgatgattaactttagaaaaggtaaatactcggtacctactaaatacattgg
tgaagaagtacaagtgatattcaataattctactgatgaattgctgatttattatgatggtgaattaata
agacggcataatctatccgaaagaaaatttaattatatcgttgaagatatgagtgaaatattaaaatcag
atgtatttaaacataaggatgacaaagaaattcttacgtatatagaaaattcattattactgtatgacga
aatttag
>Potential gene 2:1369..2136, 768 bp
atgaatacgaaccatcaaaaattacttaataactttgaaatattaaaactaaaaaaattcaaagattatt
atccaaactatattgaattactttctaaaaatgagaaatctttaactgaaatattgattgatttaacgga
aaaagaaatagaatatcaatcagaattaaaatttaaacgtgctgtgaattcagcacgtttccctaaaata
aaatatttacatgattttgatttcatgtttcaacctagtataaatcaacaagaaatactcactttaaaat
ctatgcattttttagaagatagtataaatatttgtttcttaggtaatagtggtgttggtaaaacacacct
agcaatctcattaggaatagaggcatgtaagcaaaatataaagactagattctatactttcaaagaatta
atagacttattaactgtctcagattccaaaggaatcattaataaaacattaaagcaattaagcagaatag
agttacttatcattgatgaaattggttatactcccatcaccaaagaacaagctgatttattctaccagtt
aatgtcactaaggtatgagtggaaatcaacaataattacgactaatattccattttcgagttggggagag
tcatttagtaataagattgtatcagcagctataattgatcggttagttcaccattcaaaagtatttaaaa
ttactggagaatcatatcgattaaaagattataaaaccgaaaaatcattaaatatacgacaatcttaa
>Potential gene 3:2367..2759, 393 bp
atgaaatatacttggtggatacttttaacaattgcagggattttaagtttaacaagtgtttatggattta
ttttatgtttaggtagctttggaatgttggcactgaatgtcatgtggctatttgtttatacaccgcataa
aaattctaaagcacttgaatctatatcaaaaccaacgataattttatcaatcattgggacatatgcagta
tttatatttatgtctatcttattttacttcgtaatgaaagctaggtttatggaaattggaataaaacttt
acggtgaaccttttaatatgtttggaataccattattcattattggcatcattttatttacaatcggtac
agtattcgtttataaaatacagcaatcaagattaaagcaatag
>Potential gene 4:2761..3150, 390 bp
atggaaaaattaatcaaagtgacgtctttaattggaattattattcaaagttttttaacattgttatttt
taatatttttaattttatcagcaacagggattatacagccagaattgaccacaactgttaatggtgaaca
aactatacaaagtccagaaactgctcaagcaacattcgtgacaatatttgcaatattatttgttgtttct
ttagcttcagatttattaggcattatagctatgaaaaagttgtttgtgaataatagagcgagtggcattt
tgtatattattggtgcagtaatcagcgccaatttattaacatttattgcttggttaataagtgggatttc
tgttttaagatataacaaaataggaaaagaagtgtcatag
>Potential gene 5:3168..3542, 375 bp
atgaaaagattaattataggagtgttaattataatgatgagtataatcaattatggttgtggtaatgagc
aaaatgaaaataaatatcaaagtcaaattaataaagtaatgaaaattcaacaagaaactcataaagagat
ggttaaaaagagtaatgaagttaatcctgaatttaataaggataaagtaaatacttatgtatttgatgat
ggcaaattaattatcatcagctataagttatttaaagataaagatcaaatgttttacgcgacttacgagt
ttaaaaacgacaaaatttattataagagagatattaatcctaaaacatacgtgaaagaacaccaatcaga
ttataaagatattaaagtaaaataa
>Potential gene 6:3557..4030, 474 bp
atggaaaaaataaagagaataaacaaaatatttttatcatttgaagttattccatttgcaatgatgattt
tactggcgtttctaccagttattgcaggtataattaataatcgtttgcagtatggtagggattttggcga
tagagtaagcttttattgttatatttcaattatggttgcatatgcaattaccattttgttagaaattatt
ttttactttattttattgaaaaactatcaatatgatcaaaataatattgaattggctaatagagtgaaag
ttacaaaagtactgtcgattttgtatatgattcccggattatatgcgattgcatgctattttagatttat
acatgttcgctcatttagagaaaataaaaaatctggacagcctgcttaccacttttgggaattttttata
aaacctaatcgaaaaccgatagagttgaaagacttttttattaaaaatagataa
>Potential gene 7:4041..4454, 414 bp
atgtcgaaatcatctttaatattggaaaagaattataaacttcaacagtcagcagaaactaaaaccaaaa
tagcagaattaaatgataaaatagaaagagcaacacgaattaagaataaattaaatgatttaaaaaagga
agtgaaagagcatagaacaaattcaaagaatattttcaaagaatattcctattggaagggagaaaataat
tcgaaatgggaagagaaaagtgagagtgaactcataagtggttcaataacaaattgtataaaaaatattg
atgataatatcgatagactcatcgataaaattaccgagatgcaaaatgaagttaattcattgggtagtac
attatctgtactagaaaatgcaataaattcaatagctgctgctattgaaaaattaactaattaa
>Potential gene 8:4467..5729, 1263 bp
atgcctagattagttaattcagagttagaagaatattttaataaaacaaatgatgtgaaaacgaaattaa
atgaagtattatataatcattacactcaatgttattttttatctaaaactggtagtataaaaggaaaaac
agcggatagtataaagaaatatgttgaatcagcacatataagcacaatttctagagctattaatttaatg
gataagttggaagcatcagtaaagcacttaaaagaacttggagaaaaatgcgataaaagtagtaatgcca
aaattggtttacaaactttgaatgaaactaaaaaaggtgtggtctcaaaaaagaaggaattcatagatct
tacaagtaattccccagcaattctatctgaagcatcagaatttattgatactgtgtctttagggaaagat
aatgtagaaagtgattacaatgaaagttccaaaaaaatagatagaactaaagaaaaacttaagactatgg
atcaaacaggtaagcaatcactagaaagtctaagcaatgatgtaagaggattaataactcaaataaataa
attgaataatgaatatcatgataaaaatggaattatcgtatcaaagataaactccattacaaaagaaaat
tggtataaaaatgaaactaacaagggtgaatttaaaaaaatgaaagcggatcatcctgttgcttatgcag
aaggagatgagacaataggtagaactcaagcaatttctaaagatggacatatagttggtacagctgaaat
aggtaaagttagtggaatagcatatcgaagcgacgattcgatgggggttaaaggagatgctaaagtagct
ggattagatggtaaggtaaagtacgagaatgttgaaggtaaggcaggactcgaagtagggagtgtaaaag
gttcagctgaaattagtaactcgcatatatctgctattgcagaagcgcaattaattgatgcggaagcaca
attaagatttggatcagaagataataatttgcatgtaaaaggagatgcaaaagttttgtcagcaagtgcg
agtggatctttaggtgctgatggagtagaagcgaaagctgaagcagtcggagctaatacaggggttgaag
gtggttttgcacttagtggattaaattttgattttggcgcgagtattggggctcaagctgggggaggtgt
aaatgttggcaaaaaaggaattgaagttgatgctaaatttatacttggaggaaaaattaaaattacatgg
taa
>Potential gene 9:5742..6032, 291 bp
atggggaaagaaatttatttagatccaattgaatttcaaaatgtattagagaaatttgaaaaaggatcaa
gtgagattagtgaagtttcaatttctagtataaaagatgctaaaaatgaaattatattagaaagtatagt
tgaactagaaaaaataattgacgacttatcgaaagcgatgaaaacgtattctaagatgattggcagcgat
aaagaagcaatggataaaatagcatcaacaatgcaacggaatgataaagataatgcaaataaaattgcaa
ataggaattag
>Potential gene 10:6035..7114, 1080 bp
atgagatttgattttaatgcgaaaaatggtgagatttctgacaataatatttatacaaatataattatag
gtactggagttggacattctaaagttatatttgataacgggaaagaaattaatttttctaatgcaacgcc
aattatcttcgcacaatatttgaaaattgaattgaaaaagagaaatataattgtagatattaataattat
tttaatagcactgttatttcatttgcgcatgataaaaaatatagatataaggatatgtatattgaaaaat
acaatgaaattattaaagtgatgagtgaagaagatttaaatgaggcatcggttttagaagctaaagagtt
agccaagaaagacatgaattataattttaaaattagtgagtacagagctactatgaaattcatggaatta
tttagtgactatacattttcttttaaaaagttgatttctgatttatggatttttgatcaaaagaatttgg
aagtatttaaaaaatatatgctaaattacgaaaattgtttgattaatataagtgaaaaaattgacaataa
agaaaaattaaagaattttaaaaataaaggtgaaaaatttaattatttatatataccaaagtttaacggt
cataattatatagttgaaaaagcacgtaggaactcttcatttattggatacttatttaaagagtttgata
ataaaaataaacattatgattatgcagtaattttggctactggatattacttatttggcgataattttga
agtgcacaagtctagaaaagaaataggtattttaggtagggaagatgaatgtataaataatataaaaaaa
atagaaaattacaacgttggaaaatttgaagattttaaaaataatatcatggaaagtattaggcgattat
atgaaaaagatagaaaagaattttacgaattgctatctaaactgaatggtgatgtgttggatttgaatga
aataataaaatatatgaaaactttaaccgtaggagatgttataaaagttattaagagttctagttttgtt
aattttaaaattaactttgaggaggtttaa
>Potential gene 11:7051..11559, 4509 bp
atgcataaattgattataaaatataacaaacaattgaagatgctcaatttgcgagatggtaagacatata
ctattagcgaagacgagcgtgcagatattacgttgaaatcgttaggcgaagtcattcatttagaacaaaa
taatcaaggtacttggcaagcgaatcatacttctattaataaggtgcttgttagaaaaggtgaccttgat
gacattacattacaactttatacagaagctgattatgcatcatttgcttatccttcaattcaagatacga
tgacaattgggccaaatgcgtatgatgatatggttattcaaagcttgatgaatgccatcattattaaaga
ttttcaatcaatacaagaatcacaatacgtacgcattgtgcacgataaaaatacagatgtgtatattaac
tatgaactacaagagcaattaacaaacaaagcttacattggtgatcatatttatgttgaagggatatggc
tcgaagtacaagctgatggtttaaatgtattgagtcagaatacagtggcatcgtcattaattcgcttaac
acaagagatgccacatgcacaggcagatgattacaatacgtaccatcgttcgccaaggattattcaccgt
gaaccgaccgatgatattaagattgaaagaccaccacagccaatacagaagaacaatacagtgatatggc
gttccattataccgccattagtaatgattgctttaactgttgtcatctttttagtgagaccaattggtat
ttatattttaatgatgattggtatgagtacagtaacgatagtatttggtattacaacgtatttctctgaa
aagaaaaagtataacaaagatgttgaaaaacgagagaaagattacaaagcttatttggataataaatcta
aagaaattaataaagcgattaaagcacaacgttttagtttgaattatcattatccaacggttgctgaaat
taaagatatcgttgaaacgaaagcaccaagaatatatgaaaaaacatcgcatcatcacgatttcttatat
tataagttaggtattgcgaatgtagaaaagtcattcaaattagattaccaagaagaagaatttaaccaac
gtcgtgatgaactattcgacgatgctaaagaattgtatgaattttacacagatgtagaacaagcaccatt
aatcaatgatttaaatcatgggccaattgcatatattggtgcacgacatctcattttagaagaattggag
aaaatgctaatccaattgtcaacgttccatagttatcatgatttagagtttctatttgtgacacgtgaag
atgaagttgaaacattgaaatgggcacgttggttgccacatatgacattgagaggtcaaaacattagagg
gtttgtttacaatcaacgaacacgtgaccaaattttaacgtcaatttatagcatgattaaagaacgtatc
caagctgtgcgtgaacgcagcagaagtaatgagcaaattattttcacaccgcaattagtgtttgtcatta
cagatatgtcattaattattgatcacgtcattttagaatatgtaaaccaagatttatcagaatatggtat
ttcattaatctttgttgaagatgtgattgaaagtttgccagagcatgtagataccattattgatatcaag
tctcgtactgaaggcgaactgattacgaaagaaaaagaattagttcaattgaaatttacacctgaaaata
ttgataacgtcgataaagaatatatcgcgcgacgtttggcgaatttgatacacgtcgaacatttgaaaaa
tgcaattcctgatagtattacatttttagaaatgtataacgtgaaagaagtagatcagcttgatgtggtt
aatcgatggagacaaaacgaaacatacaaaacgatggcagtacctttaggtgtaagaggtaaagatgaca
ttttatcattgaacttacatgaaaaagcacacggaccacatggtttagttgctggtaccactggttcagg
gaaatctgagattatccaatcatacattttatctttagctattaattttcacccgcatgaagttgcattc
ctattgattgactataaaggtgggggtatggcgaacttatttaaagatttagtccatttagttggtacga
ttacaaacttagatggcgatgaagcgatgcgtgccttaacatcaatcaaagccgaattgagaaaacgtca
acgtttattcggagagcatgatgttaaccatattaatcaataccataagttatttaaagaaggtattgcg
acagaaccaatgccacatttattcattatttccgatgaatttgccgaattaaaatcagaacaacctgatt
ttatgaaagaacttgtatcaacggcacgtattggacgttcgttaggtattcatttaatacttgcgacaca
aaaaccatcgggtgttgttgatgaccaaatttggtctaactctaaatttaaattggcattaaaagtacaa
gatagacaagacagtaatgaaattttaaaaacaccagatgcagcagacattacattaccaggtcgcgcgt
atttacaagttggtaataatgaaatttatgaattgttccaatctgcatggagtggagcaacatataacat
cgaaggcgataaattagaagttgaagataagacgatttacatgattaatgactatggtcaacttcaagca
atcaacaaagacttgagtggacttgaagatgaagaaacgaaagaaaatcaaactgagttagaagcggtta
tcgatcatatcgaatctattacaacacgattagaaattgaagaagttaagcgtccatggttaccaccatt
accagaaaatgtatatcaagaagatttagtagaaacagatttcagaaaattatggtcagatgatgcaaaa
gaagtggaattaacattaggacttaaagacgtaccagaagaacaatatcaagggccgatggtattacaat
tgaaaaaagctggtcacatcgcgttaatcggaagtccaggatatggtagaacaacgttcttacacaacat
tattttcgatgttgcaagacaccatcgtcctgatcaagcacacatgtacttgttcgatttcggaactaat
ggtttgatgccagtcacagacataccacatgttgctgattattttacagtagatcaagaagacaagattg
cgaaggcgatacgtaagatacatgatattatttctgagcgaaaaagactattaagtcaagagagagtagt
taatatagagcaatataataaagaaactggaaattcaattccaaatattttcttaattatcgataactac
gacacggtgaaagaatcaccatttatggaagaatatgaagaaatgatgtctaaggtaacacgtgaaggtt
tagcattaggggtatacatcattctttcaggatcaagatcaagtgcaataaaatcagctatatttactaa
cattaaaacaagagttgcactatacctctttgaaaataatgaattaacaaatattattggttcttataaa
aaaggtgtgaaagatgttaaaggtagagctgcaataaatgatgataacttcacacagttccaaattgcgc
aaccatttgaattagcagaaggacaaacatataacgagcgcattaaaaatgaagtagcacaaatgaaaga
attctatgtaggagattatccaaaacatatcccaatgatgccagataaggtattaatggatgatattcaa
gaaacatatgatttggaaaaaatcattcatgaagaacacaaattaccattaggattagactttgaggatg
tggaactagttggtttcgacttaagtcaaacaaatattttcacttcagttaaacctgttgatatagataa
tggtttaactttattagagaaacagctaaatataatttcaaatgaatatgaaattgcaactttagacaca
aaaggcatattaaaaaatacagggtatgaagattatttgtactgtggagataagaaagaaattattagtt
ttaaaaatgaattagtgagttttataaaaaatgtagaaccacgaaaaaaatggatagtagttatatcgga
ttttaaagaatttataaatattgcatcaccaaataatgatgaaataaaaactatatttttagacggacca
aagaataatgtctttccaattatttacggattgtatcaagaaacaattggaggatttagttctcaaataa
agttacttaaggaaatagtcagtagcgcttttgtaggaattagtattagcgaacaagaattaataaaagt
tcgttataaagtaaatgaaaaaaaccttaagaataatgaaatgtattatatatatataactatgaatata
aaaaaattaaattatttgaataaaaggagagtattatgagatttgattttaatgcgaaaaatggtgagat
ttctgacaataatatttatacaaatataa
>Potential gene 12:11581..12915, 1335 bp
atggttaaaaatcataaccctaaaaatgaaatgcaagatatgttaacacctttagatgccgaagaagcag
ctaaaacaaaattacgtttagatatgagagagattcctaagtcttcaattaaaccagaacattttcattt
aatgtacttattagaacaacattctccatattttatagatgctgaactaactgaactacgtgatagtttc
caaatacattatgacattaatgacaatcatacaccttttgataatattaaatcatttactaaaaatgaaa
aattacgttacttacttaatatcaaaaatttagaagaagtaaatcgtacacgctacacatttgtgttggc
accagatgaattatttttcacaagagatggattgccgattgccaaaacgagaggattacaaaatgttgtt
gaccctttgccaatgtcggaagctgaatttttaacaagatataaagcactggttatatgtgcattcaatg
agaaacaatcatttgacgcattagttgaaggaaacttagaactacataaaggaacaccatttgaaactaa
agttattgaagcggcaacgttagacttattaacttcgtttttagatgaacaatatcagaaacaagaacaa
gattatagtgaaaattatgcatatgttcgtaaagtagggcataccgtttttaaatgggtcgctatcggta
tgacaacgttaagtgtgttattaattgcatttttagcttttttatatttttcagtaatgaagcataatga
gcgcattgaaaaaggataccaagcatttgtaaaggatgattatacgcaagtactaaatacgtatgatgat
ttagatggtaaaaaattagacaaagaagcgctttacatttatgccaaaagctatatccaaacgaacaaac
aaggtttagaaaaagataagaaagaaaacttgcttaataatgtgacgccaaattcgaacaaagattactt
attatattggatggaattaggacaaggacatcttgatgaagcgattgacattgcaacatatttagatgat
aacgatattacgaaattagcgttgattaataaattaaatgagattaaaaataatggtgatttatcgaatg
ataaacgttctgaagaaactaaaaaatataacgataaattgcaagatattttagataaagaaaagcaagt
taaagatgaaaaagcaaaatctgaagaagagaaagcaaaagcgaaagatgagaaattaaagcaacaagaa
gagaacgaaaagaaacaaaaagaacaagcacaaaaagataaagaaaaacgtcaagaagctgaaagaaaaa
aatag
>Potential gene 13:12928..13170, 243 bp
atgaatcagcacgtaaaagtaacatttgattttactaattataattacggcacatatgacttagcagtac
cagcatatttaccgattaagaatctaatagcattagtgttagacagtttggatatttcgattttcgatgt
gaatacacaaattaaagtgatgacgaaaggtcaattacttgttgaaaacgaccgacttattgattatcaa
atcgctgatggagatattttgaagttactatag
>Potential gene 14:13133..13600, 468 bp
atgttgatgaatagcgtgattgctttaacttttttaacagcatctagcaataatggcggacttaatattg
acgtgcaacaagaagaggaaaagcgaatcaataatgatttaaatcaatatgatacaacgctatttaataa
agacagcaaagcggttaatgatgcgattgctaagcagaaaaaagaaagacaacaacaaataaaaaatgat
atgtttcaaaatcaagcgagtcactcgactcgcttgaatgaaactaaaaaagtgttattttccaaatcta
acttagaaaagacttcggagagtgataaaagcccctatattcaaaacaagcaggagaaaaaaatattccc
gtacattttgatgtctgtaggggcttttttgactttaggatttgtcattttttcaattcataaagggaga
cgaacgaaaaatgaatcagcacgtaaaagtaacatttgattttactaa
>Potential gene 15:13600..16629, 3030 bp
atgaaaaagaaaaattggatttatgcattaattgtcactttaattattataattgccatagttagtatga
tattttttgttcaaacaaaatatggagatcaatcagaaaaaggatcccaaagtgtaagtaataaaaataa
taaaatacatatcgcaattgttaacgaggatcaaccaacgacatataacggtaaaaaggttgagctgggt
caagcatttattaaaaggttagcaaatgagaaaaactataaatttgaaacagtaacacgaaacgttgctg
agtctggtttgaaaaatggtggataccaagtcatgattgttatcccagaaaacttttcaaaattggcaat
gcaattagacgctaaaacaccatcgaaaatatcactacagtataaaacagctgtaggacaaaaagaagaa
gtagctaaaaacacagaaaaagttgtaagtaatgtacttaatgactttaacaaaaacttggtcgaaattt
atttaacaagcatcattgataatttacataatgcacaaaaaaatgttggcgctattatgacgcgtgaaca
tggtgtgaatagtaaattctcgaattacttattaaatccaattaacgacttcccggaattatttacagat
acgcttgtaaattcaatttctgcaaacaaagatattacaaaatggttccaaacatacaataaatcattat
tgagtgcgaattcagatacgttcagagtgaacacagattataatgtttcgactttaattgaaaaacaaaa
ttcattatttgacgagcacaatacagcgatggataaaatgctacaagattataaatcgcaaaaagatagc
gtggaacttgataactatatcaatgcattaaaacagatggacagccaaattgatcaacaatcaagtatgc
aagatacaggtaaagaagaatataaacaaactgttaaagaaaacttagataaattaagagaaatcattca
atcacaagagtcaccattttcaaaaggtatgattgaagactatcgtaagcaattaacagaatcactgcaa
gatgagcttgcaaataacaaagacttacaagatgcgctaaatagcattaaaatgaacaatgctcaattcg
ctgaaaacttagaaaaacaacttcatgatgatattgtcaaagaacctgatacagatacaacatttatcta
taacatgtctaaacaagactttatagctgcaggtttaaatgaggatgaagctaataaatacgaagcaatt
gtcaaagaagcaaaacgttataaaaacgaatataatttgaaaaaaccgttagcagaacacattaatttaa
cagattacgataaccaagttgcgcaagacacaagtagtttgattaatgatggtgtcaaagtgcaacgtac
tgaaacgattaaaagtaatgatattaatcaattaactgttgcaacagatcctcattttaattttgaaggc
gacattaaaattaatggtaaaaaatatgacattaaggatcaaagtgttcaactcgatacatctaacaagg
aatataaagttgaagtcaatggcgttgctaaattgaaaaaggatgctgagaaagatttcttaaaagataa
aacaatgcatttacaattgttatttggacaagcaaatcgtcaagatgaaccaaatgataagaaagcaacg
agtgttgtggatgtaacattgaatcataaccttgatggtcgcttatcgaaagatgcattaagccagcaat
tgagtgcattatctagatttgatgcacattataaaatgtacacagatacaaaaggcagagaagataaacc
attcgataacaaacgtttaattgatatgatggttgaccaagttatcaatgacatggaaagtttcaaagac
gataaagtagctgtgttacatcaaattgattcaatggaagaaaactcagacaaactgattgatgacattt
taaataacaaaaagaatacaaccaaaaataaagaagatatttctaagctgattgatcagttagaaaacgt
taaaaagacatttgctgaagagccacaagaaccaaaaattgataaaggcaaaaatgatgaatttaatacg
atgtcttcaaatttagataaagaaattagtagaatttctgaaaagagtacgcaattgctatcagatacac
aagaatcaaaatcaattgcagattctgttagtggccaattaaatcaagtcgacaataatgttaataagct
acatgcgacaggtcgagcattaggcgtaagagcgaatgacttgaaccgtcaaatggctaaaaacgataaa
gaaaatgatttattcgctaaagagtttaaaaaagtattacaaaattctaaagatggcgacagacaaaacc
aagcattaaaagcatttatgagtaatccggttcaaaagaaaaacttagaaaatgttttagctaataatgg
taatacagacgtgatttcaccgacattattcgtattattgatgtacttactatcaatgattacagcatat
attttctatagttatgaacgtgccaaaggacaaatgaatttcattaaagatgattatagtagtaaaaatc
atctttggaataatgtcattacgtcaggtgttattggtacaactggtttgatagaaggattaattgtcgg
tttaattgcaatgaataagttccatgtattagctggctatagagcgaaattcatcttaatggtgatttta
actatgatggtcttcgtacttattaatacgtatttactaagacaggtaaaatctatcggtatgttcttaa
tgattgctgcattgggtctatactttgtagctatgaataatttgaaagcagctggacaaggtgtgactaa
taaaatttcaccattatcttatatcgataacatgttcttcaattatttaaatgcagagcatcctataggc
ttggcgctagtaatattaacagtacttgtgattattggcttcgtactgaacatgtttgtaaaacacttta
agaaagagagattaatctaa
>Potential gene 16:16712..17005, 294 bp
atggcaatgattaagatgagtccagaggaaatcagagcaaaatcgcaatcttacgggcaaggttcagacc
aaatccgtcaaattttatctgatttaacacgtgcacaaggtgaaatttcagcgaactgggaaggtcaagc
tttcagccgtttcgaagagcaattccaacaacttagtcctaaagtagaaaaatttgcacaattattagaa
gaaattaaacaacaattgaatagcactgctgatgccgttcaagagcaagaccaacaactttctaataatt
tcggtttgcaataa
>Potential gene 17:17244..18146, 903 bp
atggttattatgaagaaaacaattttactgacgatgacaactcttactttatttagtatgtcgcctaact
cggctcaagcatacacgaatgatagcaaaacattagaagaagcaaagaaagcacacccaaacgcacagtt
caaagtgaataaagacaccggcgcgtatacttatacttatgacaaaaacaacgcgccaaacaacaatcat
caaaatcagtcacgtacaaacgacaatcatcaacacgcaaatcaacgtgattttaacaacaatcagtacc
attcttcattaagtggtcagtatacgcacattaatgacgcaattgattcacacacaccgcctcaaacgtc
accaagcaatcctttgacaccagccataccgaatgtcgaagacaatgacgatgaattaaataacgctttt
tcaaaagataacaaagggcttattacaggcatcgatttagacgaattgtatgacgaattacaaatcgccg
aatttaatgacaaagcaaagactgctgacggtaaacctttagcattaggtaacggtaaaatcattgatca
gcctcttatcacaagtaagaacaacttatatactgctggacaatgtacatggtatgtctttgataaacgt
gccaaagatggacacacgattagtacattttggggagatgctaaaaactgggcaggccaagcttcaagca
atggcttcaaagtagatagacacccaacacgaggatcaattttgcaaacagtaaacggtccatttggtca
tgtagcctacgttgagaaagttaatattgatggaagtattctaatttcagaaatgaattggattggtgaa
tatatcgtttcatcaagaaccatctctgcttcagaagtttcatcatatagttacatccattaa
>Potential gene 18:18477..20000, 1524 bp
atgtctaaaaagttaaaaattataattcctattattattgtcttattattaataggtggaatcgcatggg
gagtttatgcattttttgcaaacacaccgaaaaatacatacttaaaaagtgaacaacaaactgcaaaaat
gtataaagattattttaatgaccgttttgaaaacgaagtgaagttccaagaaaagatgaaagataattca
tttttatcttcattagaattaagcgcagatgcatcagatgaaattgttaaggggcttggtattcctaaat
ctgttgttaatgcttcgaaaattaaaatgtcatatggacatgatcctaaaaaagagaaatcaatgattaa
tcttgaaccaacaatagcagactctgaattagggaaattccagttagctgcagataaagataagcattat
ttcgaatcaccattatttaaagggaaatatagtgttaataattctgatttattatcaacttattcaaaac
ttacaggtgaagatgaagaaacagcaaaagaaaatggtattacaaaccaacaactaaatttaaatactct
ttttagtaatgctcaagcacaacaaagtgactacagcaaaattgccgaaaaatattccgaacttattgtc
gacaaattagatgacgataattttgataaaggtaaaaaagaagaaattaaggttaatggtgaaaagtaca
aagttagacctgtcacgttaacacttagcagagctgacactaaaaaaattacattagctgtattagaaga
agctaaaaaggataaagaccttaaaaaattaatggaagaacaaggtgctacaaaagactttgaaaaagac
atcaaaaaagcaattgacgatgtcaaagaaactaaaaaagatgaatttgctaaaattcaatctaaaattt
ataccgaaaaacatacgattgtaaaacgagaaattactattacagacaaagaaaataataaaactaaaat
caaaggtactaatactttagaagacaataagttaaaactagattacgcacttgatttcgatcaagataaa
tacacgtatgctgaagcgaaatatacaattaaaggcgtatcttctaaggaaaaagacaataaatacagtg
ataaatacgaatttggtaaaaagacagaatatgatgaatcaaaaatcaaattagataaccaagagaaagt
agatggcacaaaacgtcaagataaaggtaaaattactgtcgcattagataaatatagcgacgaaaatgaa
ttcacttttgaaaataatatagattctgacgtaaaaaataacactcagaaatctacgttaaatatcggca
tcaaatatgctgaagaaccaattaatttcattttaaaatctagcacaaaattgaaagcagatattgattt
tgatgatagtggtgcgaaagatttcaatagtctatcttcaaaagatcgtgaaaaacttgaaaaagaaatc
gaaaaaaatggcggcaaaatgtttgaatcaattttaaaaaaggcatctaaataa
>Potential gene 19:20068..21291, 1224 bp
atgaaaacaatacatttgtttcgcatctaccactcttttttattgaaaaagtggtatttgattatctatt
tactatttatattagcggcactcgttattacattaacgacaatccaacatgtaacagaagatgacaatca
ttttaatataggtgtcgtagataaagatcaatcaagtgaaacgaaattaatcttaaactctattggtaaa
gggagtaacctaggaaaaaatgtgagcattaaagcatatgatgataagcaagcacatactttgttaaaaa
aacataaacttcaaggttattttgtttttgataaaggtatgaccaaggcattttataaacaaggcgaact
accaatttcagtatatacatatgatcaacaatccatgaaaagtgtcgtgctatctcagctaacagattct
gtttaccaacgtcttatgcgatcaatgggtggcatcttagcttttcaagacttagcaccgaaagcatcac
attctgacagtatcaatgttatgactgatttgctgattacaggattaaaccgttcaggtgcatttaactt
agaaccgattcatttatacgatacgggcagttattatgcaattacaggatttttaacaacggtattcatc
tttgcactatctttatttacagttttgaaaatgaatcaagatactgtattgaaagcgcgattgaaaatgt
ttcatttttctaaagagcgtttgttaatcattcgtgcgttgattacatggttttatactatgttatggag
tatcgttggtgtagtttggattgtgttcagtattccgaatacctttgaattatataattggccaacgtta
gccattcatttaagctattatgttacctttttaatactgtggttattactcatcgaacttttaactacag
gcttgttgaatagtattagtaaagtcatattagctattgtcatcctggtgttatctggtttaacaatacc
tacgatttttttacaacatatagcaaatggcgttttcaatattcaaccgttcgcagttgtaacaaatcaa
ttgttagaaattattttaaacaactacattttagaactgcaccctagtttctatcttagcttcatcgcac
ttttgataattaatttagctgtattggtttggaggtatcgtcaatgaagccttatatacaacttgttgtg
ttcaagcaatggttacaatacatcttgctcgtaa
>Potential gene 20:21231..22151, 921 bp
atgaagccttatatacaacttgttgtgttcaagcaatggttacaatacatcttgctcgtaacaaccattg
tcatcgcactcgtacttattggtatcggttaccgtgtagcacatgacaacttcaaaataccgattaccat
tcaagatttagaccaaaccactgcatcaaaatcattcgtcaataaaattaaacaatctgactatgtaact
attaaaaaagtcgatgaagatgaaagctatattgaagatgatgttactaaaaaggaagctattttaagta
tgcaaattcctaaaggtttctctcaaaaattaaaagagaaccgtttaaaagaaacgatacagttatatgg
tagagatgactttataggtggtattgctgtagaaattgttagtagttcattatatgagcagcaaattcct
aacattatttatgaacaccttgaggatatgaaacagcatcaatccatcgatgctatcaacaagtcctatc
ataaacatacacctgaatctaaaatcaaatttgtgtcgcttactaaacaagcacaacactctatttcaat
tagcttaatctttgcggtgattttatttgttagcgctgttcaagtagtacttcattatcgtttaaaccaa
caagcagcattgcaacgattatcacaatatcatttaagccgtttcaaactatatagtacttatgtaatga
cacatacgattttgttattgttggtactattggcagttagtctatatttgtctcaaccactcagcttaat
attttacttaaaatcactgttacttatattgatttatgagataggtatcgtctttatcttattccatatt
caaacaataagtcatcgattattcatgacatttatatatgcacttgctatgggtatcgtatacttgacca
ttttcatgtaa
>Potential gene 21:22165..22824, 660 bp
atgatagaaattaataacctttcaaagcgttaccgtaacaaacagattttcaatcatttaaccatgtcct
ttgatagtaatcgattaaccgtattacttggtgataatggcgctggaaaatcaacattacttcgtatgat
tgctggtattgaaaaagctaatgatggaactatcaactatttcggcgaaaaatggaatcaaagacaaata
caaaatcacatcggttatgtgccacaagacattgcgttatttgaacacatgacagtggctgaaaacatta
aattttttaaatcactttgtaaaaatccaattaacgatacaactatcaacgaatatttacagcaattaaa
ttttgatgatacgtctgccaaagtatctacattgtccggtgggaataaacgtaaaattaatatattagta
ggtttactaggtaaacctcgaattctcattttagatgaaccgacagttggtattgatttaaaatctagac
atgacatccaccaactacttaacattatgaaatctaaatgtttaattatattaactacccatcatttaga
tgaagttgaagcacttgcagatgatatcaagttaattggccaagatcctttttatcaacatgttttagag
gacaaacaatggacttatacctattattaa
>Potential gene 22:22876..23841, 966 bp
atggaggatgttttatacatgaaaaaattaacagcagcagcgattgcaacgatgggcttcgctacattta
caatggcgcatcaagcagatgcagcagaaacgacaaacacccaacaagcacatacacaaatgtcagcaca
atcacaagacgtatcttatggtacttattatacaattgattctaatggggattatcatcacacacctgat
ggtaactggaatcaagcaatgtttgataataaagaatatagctatacattcgtagatgctcaaggacata
cgcattatttttataactgttatccaaaaaatgcaaatgccaatggaagcggtcaaacatatgtgaatcc
agcaacaacaggagataacaatgactacacagcgagtcaaagccaacagcacattaatcaatatggttat
caatcaaatgtaggtccagacgcgagctattattcacatagtaacaaccaagcgtataacagccatgatg
gtaatggaaaggtcaattaccctaatggcacgtctaatcaaaatggcggatcagcaagtaaagcgacagc
tagtggtcatgcgaaagacgcaagctggttaacaagtcgtaaacaactacaaccatatggacaatatcac
ggtggtggtgcgcattacggtgtcgactatgcaatgcctgaaaattcaccagtttactcattaactgatg
gtacagtagtacaagcaggttggagtaactatggtggtggtaatcaagtaacgattaaagaagcgaacag
taataactaccaatggtatatgcataataatcgtttaactgtttcagctggtgataaagtcaaagctggt
gaccaaattgcatattcaggtagtacgggtaattcaacagcgcctcacgtacacttccaacgtatgtctg
gtggcatcggtaatcaatatgcagtagacccaatgtcatacttgcaaagtagataa
>Potential gene 23:24149..24793, 645 bp
atgaaacaacaagcatcccaaatacatgttgtagctgtatatttaaatgatatcggtgaagttccgccat
tgcattatcatgtttccgatgcaactggacaatcagtcgaagtttcatttaaagagggtgaagtggttat
aaaagataaccctattggtgtcttaacaaatcatccagacttagattggcattatagtaatttaaggcaa
tatatcaatatttctccttatccagcaacagcaaatttattggaaggtgtaacgattgaacctttaggca
atgaagcaggtacatttggattgccaggtggatttacttcaactgagcgctttgtgagaatggcatttat
gaaagcaaacattgctcaaaacaatgataaagaaatggatttaatgaatgcattttatttattagatgcg
gtaaatataccgattggaattgtacgtccgcatgatgctgacaatcactatacgatgtatcagaccgtaa
taaatttaactacaagaacgttatatattaagtattatggtagcaatgaaatagtagcattaaagctcac
agatgatttaattaatagaaaagatatgacgatttttaagcctgagaagcatatcactattagaaagttg
aatgacaatcaatag
