
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:91..843, 753 bp
atgagtcaagcagccgaaacattagatggttggtatagtctacatttattttatgcagttgattgggcat
cattacgtatagttccaaaggacgaacgcgatgcacttgtcactgaatttcaatcatttttagaaaatac
agcaactgtaagatcatcaaaatctggtgatcaagctatttataatataactggtcaaaaagcagatttg
ttattatggttcttacgtcctgaaatgaagtctttaaatcatattgaaaatgaatttaacaaattgcgca
ttgctgacttcctaatccctacatattcatatgtatcagtcattgaattgagcaattatttagctggtaa
atctgatgaagatccttatgagaaccctcatatcaaagcaagattatacccagaattaccacattctgat
tatatttgtttctatccaatgaacaaacgtcgtaatgaaacttataactggtacatgttaactatggaag
aacgccaaaaattaatgtatgaccatggtatgattggtagaaaatatgctggcaaaatcaaacaatttat
tactggttctgtagggtttgatgatttcgaatggggcgtaacattgttctcagatgacgtattacaattc
aaaaaaattgtatacgaaatgcgctttgatgaaacaacagcacgatacggtgaattcggtagtttctttg
taggacatattattaacacaaacgaattcgatcaattctttgcgatttcttaa
>Potential gene 2:1011..1997, 987 bp
atggctgatttattaaatgtattaaaagacaaactttctggtaaaaacgttaaaatcgtattacctgaag
gagaggacgaacgtgttctaacagctgcaacacaattacaagcaacagattatgttacaccaatcgtgtt
aggtgatgagactaaggttcaatctttagcgcaaaaacttgatcttgatatttctaatattgaattaatt
aatcctgcgacaagtgaattgaaagctgaattagttcaatcatttgttgaacgacgtaaaggtaaagcga
ctgaagaacaagcacaagaattattaaacaatgtgaactacttcggtacaatgcttgtttatgctggtaa
agcagatggtttagttagtggtgcagcacattcaacaggcgacactgtgcgtccagctttacaaatcatc
aaaacgaaaccaggtgtatcaagaacatcaggtatcttctttatgattaaaggtgatgaacaatacatct
ttggtgattgtgcaatcaatccagaacttgattcacaaggacttgcagaaattgcagtagaaagtgcaaa
atcagcattaagctttggcatggatccaaaagttgcaatgttaagcttttcaacaaaagggtctgctaaa
tcagacgacgtgacaaaagttcaagaagctgtcaaattagcacaacaaaaagctgaagaagaaaaattag
aagcaatcattgatggcgaattccaatttgatgctgcgattgtaccaggtgttgctgagaaaaaagcgcc
aggtgctaaattacaaggtgatgcaaatgtctttgtattcccaagtttagaagctggtaatattggttac
aaaattgcacaacgtttaggtggatatgatgcagttggtccagtattacaaggtttaaattctccagtaa
atgacttatcacgtggctgctcaattgaagatgtatacaatctttcaattattacagcagcgcaagcctt
acaataa
>Potential gene 3:2000..2836, 837 bp
atggatttagcgagtaaatattttaatggcgtcaactggcgatatatcgatcattcttctggattagaac
ctatgcaatctttcgcattcgatgatacattttgcgaaagtgtgggcaaagatatatcagataatgttgt
gcgtacttggattcatcaacatactgttattcttggtattcatgattcaagattgccgtttttaaaagat
ggcattgattatttaacgaatgagattggttataatgccattgttagaaattctggtggcttaggtgtcg
ttctagatcaaggtgtattaaatatatcgctgatgttcaaaggacaaacagaaacaacgattgatgaagc
gtttactgtgatgtacctcttaattagcaaaatgttcgaaaatgagaatgttgatattgatacgatggaa
attgaacattcttattgcccaggaaaatttgacttaagtatcgatggtaagaaatttgcaggcatatcgc
aacgaagagttagaggcggtattgctgtacaaatttatctttgtgttgaaggctctggttcagaacgtgc
attgatgatgcaaacattttatgaacatgctttaaaaggtgaagtgactaaatttaaatatcctgaaatt
gaaccatcttgtatggcctcattagagacattgcttaacaaaacgattactgttcaagatgtaatgtttt
tactattatatgcaatcaaagatcttggcggtgtattaaatatgacgccaattactcaagaagaatggca
aagatacgatacgtattttgataaaatgattgaaagaaacaagaaaatgatagatcaaatgcaatag
>Potential gene 4:3423..4343, 921 bp
atgacaagaaaaggatatggggaatcgacaggtaagattattttaataggagaacatgctgttacatttg
gagagcctgctattgcagtaccgtttaacgcaggtaaaatcaaagttttaatagaagccttagagagcgg
gaactattcgtctattaaaagcgatgtttacgatggtatgttatatgatgcgcctgaccatcttaagtct
ttggtgaaccgttttgtagaattaaataatattacagagccgctagcagtaacgatccaaacgaatttac
caccatcacgtggattaggatcgagtgcagctgtcgcggttgcttttgttcgtgcaagttatgatttttt
agggaaatcattaacgaaagaagaactcattgaaaaggctaattgggcagagcaaattgcacatggtaaa
ccaagtggtattgatacgcaaacgattgtatcaggcaaaccagtttggttccaaaaaggtcatgctgaaa
cgttgaaaacgttaagtttagacggctatatggttgttatagatactggtgtgaaaggttcaacaagaca
agcagtagaagatgttcataaactttgtgaggaccctcagtacatgtcacatgtaaaacatatcggtaag
ttagttttacgtgcgagtgatgtgattgaacatcataactttgaagccttagcggatatttttaatgaat
gtcatgcggatttaaaggcgttgacagttagtcatgataaaatagaacaattaatgaaaattggtaaaga
aaatggtgcgattgctggaaaacttactggcgctggtcgtggtggaagtatgttattgcttgccaaagat
ttaccaacagcgaaaaatattgtaaaagctgtagaaaaagctggtgcagcacatacttggattgagaatt
taggaggttaa
>Potential gene 5:4435..5331, 897 bp
atgaataatagcatatctgttacattagaaaaattttacactgaaacgaaagtcacttttaacgaccagt
taacacaggatcaattttggttgaatggtgaaaaggttagtggcaaagaattagagaaaatttcaaaata
tatggatattgtcagaaatagagctggcatcgattggtatgcagaaattgaaagcgacaattttgtacca
acagcagcagggttggcttcatcggcaagcgcatatgcagctttagcagcagcttgtaatcaagcgctag
acatgcagctgtcagataaggatttatcgagattggcgcgaattggttcgggttctgcgtcgcgtagtat
ttatggtggatttgcagaatgggaaaaagggtatagtgatgagacgtcatatgccgttccacttgaatcg
aatcattttgaagatgaccttgccatgatatttgttgtgattaatcaacattctaaaaaggtacctagtc
gatatggtatgtcattgacacgaaacacatcaaggttttatcaatattggttagatcatattgatgaaga
tttagctgaagcaaaagcagcgattcaagacaaagattttaaacgccttggtgaagtaattgaagaaaat
ggtttgcgtatgcatgccacgaatctaggatcaacaccgccgttcacatatcttgtgcaagaaagttatg
atgtcatggcgcttgttcacgaatgccgagaagcggggtatccgtgttattttacaatggatgcgggacc
taatgtgaaaatacttgtagaaaagaaaaacaagcaacagattatagataaattattaacacagtttgat
aataaccaaattattgatagtgacattattgccacaggaattgaaataattgagtaa
>Potential gene 6:5344..6420, 1077 bp
atgattcaggtcaaagcacccggaaaactttatattgctggagaatatgctgtaacagaaccaggatata
aatctgtacttattgcgttagatcgttttgtaactgctactattgaagaaacagaccaatataaaggtac
cattcattcaaaagcattacatcataacccagttacatttagtagagatgaagatagtattgtcatttca
gatccacatgcagcaaaacaattaaattatgtggtcacagctattgaaatatttgaacaatacgcgaaaa
gttgcgatatagcgatgaagcattttcatctgactattgatagtaatttagatgattcaaatggtcataa
atatggattaggttcaagtgcagcagtacttgtgtcagttataaaagtattaaatgaattttatgatatg
aagttatctaatttatacatttataaactagcagtgattgcaaatatgaagttacaaagtttaagttcat
gcggagatattgctgtgagtgtatatagtggatggctagcgtatagtacttttgatcatgaatgggttaa
gcatcaaattgaagatactacggttgaagaagttttaatcaaaaactggcctggattgcacatcgaacca
ttacaagcacctgaaaatatggaagtacttatcggttggactggctcaccggcgtcatcaccacactttg
ttagcgaagtgaaacgtttgaaatcagatccttcattttacggtgacttcttagaagattcacatcgttg
tgttgaaaaacttattcatgcttttaaaacaaataacattaaaggtgtgcaaaagatggtgcgtcagaat
cgtacaattattcaacgtatggataaagaagctacagttgatatagaaactgaaaagctaaaatatttgt
gtgatattgctgaaaagtatcacggcgcatctaaaacatcaggcgctggtggtggagactgtggtattac
aattatcaataaagatgtagataaagaaaaaatttatgatgaatggacaaaacatggtattaaaccatta
aaatttaatatttatcatgggcaataa
>Potential gene 7:6597..6938, 342 bp
atgaaaaatacattccttatttgtgatgaatgtcaggcagtcaatataagaacgttacaaaagaagttgg
aaaaattagatcccgatgctgaaatcgtgataggttgtcaatcttattgtggacctggacgccgaaaaac
attcacttttgttaataaccgcccactggctgcgcttactgaagaagaattaatcgaaaaagtttctcaa
caattaaagaaaccacgtgatcctgaagaagaagagcgtttaagaaaacgacatgaagaacgtaaacgtc
gtaaagtagaacaagatagaaagcttaaagaaaaattagaaaagcgaaaagcacaacaataa
>Potential gene 8:6990..8366, 1377 bp
atggaaaaacaatcaaagatgtcattgaagacattcaaaaggaggatttatgtcatgaaaacatatgatt
taattgtaataggatttgggaaagctggtaaaactttagcgaaatacgctgcatcaacaggtcaacacgt
cgcagttatcgaacaatctccgaaaatgtatggaggcacttgtataaacataggatgtataccttcgaag
acacttgtacatgatggattagaaggcaaatcttttgaagcaagttataaccgtaaaaacgatgttgtca
atgcgctaaacaataaaaattaccacttattagcagacgataacaacattgatgtactggattttaaagc
gcagtttaaatctaatactgaagtgaatttattagatcaacatgacgatatcgtcgatagtattactgca
cctcatatcattattaataccggtgctacctctgtcattcctaacattaaaggccttgatcaagctaaac
acgtcttcgattcgacaggtttattaaacattagctatcaacctaagcacctcgttattgtaggtggcgg
ttatatcgccttagaatttgcttcaatgtttgcgaatttaggtagtaaggtaacagtattagaacgtggc
gaatcatttatgccacgcgaagatcaagatgtcgttgcatatggtattactgacttagaaaataaaggca
ttgcattgcatacaaatgttgaaacgactgaattgtcatctgacaatcatcatacaacagtccataccaa
cgttgataactttgaggctgatgcagtacttttggctatcgggcgcaaaccgaatacggatttagcttta
gaaaatactgatatcgaattaggcgacagaggcgaaattaaagtcaatgctcatcttcaaacaactgtgc
cgcatatttatgctgcaggtgatgttaaaggcggacttcaatttacgtatatatctttagatgattatcg
aattatcaaatcagcgttatatggtaatcagtcacgtacgactgacaatagaggcagcgtgccttataca
gtatttatagatccaccattatcacgtgttggattaactagtaaagaagctgccgctcaacattatgatt
acactgaacatcaacttttagtaagtgctatacctcgtcataaaattaacaatgatccaagaggtttatt
taaagtagtcattaataatgaaaataatatgattttaggtgctacattatatggtaagcaatctgaagaa
ttaattaatataattaaacttgcgattgatcaaaacattccatataccgtattacgagataatatttata
cgcatcctacgatggccgaatcatttaatgatttatttaatttctag
>Potential gene 9:8266..8754, 489 bp
atgaggtgagaaacattgaatttagaatttaacattgccgtgcatgtattagcttttttaactaagcatc
attcagaaaaattcaatagtagttcattagcagaattaacttgtttaaatcctgttcaattacgacgcgt
gacgactcaacttgtcgatttaaaaatgattgacacaatacgaggtaaagatggcggttatttagcaaat
gatcaaagtgctgatgtctctctagcaacattatataaacattttgtcttagagaaagaacaccacacac
gtctatttactggcgacgaaggcagtcactgtcaaattgctcgtaatattgcaactaccatgtcacatta
tcagcaagacgaacagaatatcattattaatttttataatggaaaaacaatcaaagatgtcattgaagac
attcaaaaggaggatttatgtcatgaaaacatatgatttaattgtaataggatttgggaaagctggtaa
>Potential gene 10:8797..9159, 363 bp
atgtgtcaatacttatgtttgaaaagtgttgaattaggtgtggttattgtgatgatttattgtttgaaag
ttgatgcattaacggtgagattgcacaattgaaattttaattatgtatgaactgatagatatgaaatgaa
tattgaaaatgagagcaataaaattttgaatgatgatgttgtgtgattgtataaacttattcgtatttta
gatacgttttgatatttcgcatgatgaggaaatacttttaacaactgatgacatattttaatagtgaata
tattttgagatattaatatatttaatgttaaggatgttgtcgcaataaaattaaaatattgaaagataat
ttttattgattaa
>Potential gene 11:9358..11403, 2046 bp
atgccgatgagtattgacatgtatttagacagatctcgaaaccaagcttcaagtgtggggaatttgagtc
aaacaatgaattcaaattatgatgcgttggaaaaagcaattactcaatttattaatgatgatgcgcttaa
agggaaagcgtatacgtcagctaagcaattttttagtacggtgttaattccattatcaacaagtatgaaa
acattgagtgatttaacgaagcaagcttgcgataattttgtgtcacgttatacgagtgaggttgatagca
tatctttaaaagaatcagagcttgaagaagatatcagatcattaagtcaacaaattacgcgatatgaaaa
tttgaataacaatttgaaaaagcatgcttccgataatcagcaagccatttcatcgaaccaacaaataata
cgaacattaggtcaacaaaaacatgaattagaagagaagctacgcaaattgcgtgagtttaatcaaaaat
caccagaaatatttaaagaagttgaagaatttcaaaaaattgtccaacaaggacttacccaagcgcagaa
tttttggaacttttcaacaaatcaatttaatattccttcaggtaaagaacttgattgggccaaagcaagt
catgaaaaatatttgaaagttgctatggggaaaattgaacataaagcagagaaagaaactttaaataaag
cagactttgctgttataaaggcatatgccaaagaacatccagaagacgatatcccgaaaagtatattgaa
atatataaatgacaataaagacagtattaaaagagatataggattagatattacgtcaacacttttagag
caaggcggtataaatgcaagtaaattcggtgtatttatcaatacagcaggtggagtgaaaggcccagcag
gtccaaattcatttgtggaagtcaaacgtacatcaggtaatgtgtttatagaaaatggtagtaaatttgc
aaaaggcggaaaatacctaggtaaaggtgttgctggtgtaggatttggtataggtatgtatgatgacctt
gcaaatgatgataaaacatttggagaggcgttgtcgcataatggtatgacgcttgcagctggatctgcag
ggacagcagttggagctggattagcgacttttgttttaggaagtaatccagtaggatgggtgattttagc
aggtttggctatgagtacagtatttgcattaggaacagatttaatttatcaaaataatatttttggatta
aaagataaagtagactgggtagggcataaaatcgataatagtatagatgttgttaaaaaaactacagaaa
aatccatggatagtgttgggaatgctgttagtgaagctaaaaatattattagcaatcatataaatccaat
gaaatgggcgtggtgagttttgctttttaatattaaggttattaataaaaatccgagatataaagtcgtt
caatataatgatgagtatttgttaattgatttagtaagcacttggcttgtatacttttttccttttatta
attggttcattcccaaaaggtatgcaaaacttagtgagaaggaacttgaaaatttaaatgttgataaaca
aaataaaaataatattttctggccagttactggtagttcgtttttatttgtagttattttacggaaatat
gtacatacgtttgaagttcaattagataataagattttaatatctttatgttttataggatttataggta
ttgcagcattttacatttacttaaataaaaagcttaaactaaagatatatgatgataatctagataatga
aaatagggttatattagtgcctacttttaaagatggaagttttatagttttcacatatctattattagga
ggttgttctatattatttttaatatggctaatgactataaaacctcaaaatctactggtatttattatgt
ggattattattacaatttttttctttctaataagcatgggctcaattagtaataaaaaggtttatgccaa
acttaaaaagcaatag
>Potential gene 12:11610..12170, 561 bp
atgattgatttagtaagcacctggttagttttgttctttccgtttattaattggttaataccaaaaaaat
atgtccaaatcagcagagaagattttgataatttaaatattgtcaaaccagttaaaaataaagctttatg
gccagctataggtagcatacttttatttggcactatgtttagagataaaatatatatacctgattctcat
ttagaaaaaaattgcgttattatcatttgttcggttttattattaagtattctagtgttttatatatatt
taaatcagaaagtaaagttatctatctataatgatcggagtagcaatggaaaaattatgatttttccatc
attcaagaatctttgctttgtactattttcttattttttctgtggtggattatcaatcatgttcttagat
gttttgattagtttatctatccaaaatattatagtatttattgcttgggttattatgacaatgctatttt
tctttataaatatgtcttcaataatagacaaaaagattcatgttatatatttaaggtcatataaatatta
a
>Potential gene 13:12330..12887, 558 bp
atggtcgatgtaataagaacttggcttgtatacttttttccatttattaattggttcattccaaaaaggt
gcgccaaaattagtagagaagagtatgaaaaactgaacactgttaagccagttaaaaataaaaatttttg
gcctgttgtaggaggaacaatcctactaggtgctacttccagaaagtacatacacttacttaatattcaa
ttagaaaaaagatcggttatatttatatgcttcgttgtatttctatgtattttaatcttttttgtgcttc
tgaatcgaaaattaaaattgaaagttttcgataataaaaaagaagaacaaaaaataattttagtaccaac
attaaaaaatgctgttcttatattatatggctatttgttgattggaggcatgtcaatattagctttaagc
atgttgctgacattagaaaaccagaatttaataacttttatagcttggggtatggggttaatgttgtttt
tcttgatgaatataacactcattgtcaataaaacagtcaaagttataaaaaggtgaataaataactaa
>Potential gene 14:13022..13579, 558 bp
atggttgatttagtaagtacttggattgcttattttttgcccatgattaattggtttattcccaaaaagt
acgcgaaaattagtagagaagaatttgaaagtttaaatattgtcaaacccgctaaaaataatactttctg
gcctgttgcaggatttgcagtgttattaacaaccttaacaagaaaatatatctatttgcttaacatccat
ttagaaaaagaaatagttatattaacatgctgtatgatacttctaggtgttttcgcattgtttatatata
taaatacaaaattgaagttacatatttttgataaaaataaaagtaataacgaaaagatcatattaatacc
tacatttaaaaatatttgtttatccttatttgcttatatattatttggtggattgtcaacaatggctctg
agtatgttagtaacttcatcccctcaaaatataatagaatttcttgctttaattggcatgactgcatgct
tctttctactgaatatgtcatcggttctagataaaaaaattcatgttattttaaaaacaaataagtag
>Potential gene 15:13775..14395, 621 bp
atgctatgcgaatctaaaatcatcaataaaaaccccaaatatagaattattaaatataatgatgagtact
taatgatcgatataataagcacttggattagtttattttttccttttattaattggttcatccccaaaag
atacgtcaaaattagtagagaagagtttgaaaatttaaatattgtgaaacctgctaaaaagaatgttttt
tggccagttgcaggtatctctactttattcgcagttacattaagaaagtatacacatttacttgacactc
aacttgatagaaaattagttattgctatatgttgtatcacatttatagggattttaacattttatgtacg
cctaattaaaaaatcatctttaaatatttataatactaaaaataaaaggtcaaaaattatcttaatacca
acactaaaaaatttttgtttaacattgtttagatatgctttttttattttatggacagtgattttctcat
atgctctattatcaatgagttatcaaaacataatagtatattttgcttggattacagcaataatgggttt
ttttctagtgaatatagctttaattatagataaaaacattcatgtcatacttaaaaattaa
>Potential gene 16:14607..15167, 561 bp
atgattgatttggcaagtaattggattgtcttcttctttccatttattaactggctcataccgaaaacat
atgtcaaaatcactaagaatgattatgaaaaattaaatattgtcaaaccagttaaaaataaatcgatagg
atggaccatattcgcgggtattgtgttacttggtggtactgtaagaagaaatacttatttatttgatttt
caattagaagaactaattgtttggagcagctgtttcattgggtttttagagattatatttttttattgtt
atctaaataagaaattaacattaaatatttataatgaaagtaaaaataatgaacttaaattaagattatt
accctcctttaaaaatatttgtttcacaattttttattacctatttactggtttcatgtcttatggggca
ttttacttgttggtatttgaaaatgtgcaaaatttaatcttatatgtttcttggcttttcatgactatgc
tatttatgtttatgaatatgcattcaattatagataaaaaagtacatatattcttaaagtctaataaata
g
>Potential gene 17:15532..15843, 312 bp
atgttaatagggatgttaattttttatttttatctaaataaaaaattaacattaaaaatttttaatacca
acgtggttaataagaatagagttgtattaataccgactttcaaacaaggattgttaatagtttttgcgta
cttttttttaggaagcgcttcaatatttactttaaccattcttttgacgacagagtcacaaaatataata
atatttttaacttgggttattatcacgatgtttttctttttagtgaatatggcttcgataggtaataaaa
atgttcatgttattttaagaataaacgagtag
>Potential gene 18:16296..17690, 1395 bp
atgttgctttgcgatgtcagagtcatttataaaaatccgaaatacaaagtcattcaacataacggtgaat
acttattagtcgatttagtaagcacttggttcgtgtacttttttcctttcattaattggttcattccaaa
aaagtacgcgataattagcgaagaagaatttgaaaatttaaatgttgttaaaccaaataaaaataatgtt
ttctggtcagttataggaagttcggttttgtttggagttactttaaggaaatacatacatgtttttgatg
ttcaattagataagctagttgtaatgatattgtgtgctctcgctttaatttgtgttatagttttttattt
taacttaaatagaaagcttaagttaaaagtgtttgatacaaatattgaaaaaaataagagagttatatta
ataccaacgtttaaacttggctgttttttagttttcggatatattttcgctggaagtttttcaatatttt
cattaattgcccttatgacaatcgaacctcaaaatataataatatttatttattggattatgatgacaat
gcttttctttttgttaaatatgacttcgataggtaatgaaaaagttcgcgttataatgaaaaataattga
ttacatttaaaatattctaaatgttgtcgacacaatccttttaagacgctagtagaatttaaatgacttc
taatgtatatgaaagtgtatcaatataaaaccaattgaaaagaagtggagacattgctttgtgaaactga
aaatattaataagaatcccaaatatagaattatcaaatacaaagatgaatatttgatgattgatttagta
agtacatggttagcactctttttcccaatgattaattggctgattccaaaaaagtacgtcaaaatcagcg
aaaaagattttgaaactttaaacattgtgaagacagctaaaatcaattctttttggccagtggcaggaag
tacggtcttatttggtgttatgttaagaaggtattcccatttatttatcgttaaatatgaatgtagtata
gtaattttaatttgttgcatcataatactaggtatttttctgttttttttatatttaaatcaaaagttaa
agttacaaatctataatgaaaacaaaaataaaagcaataagataatcatatttcccactttaaagagtct
ttgtttatcaatagttttatatatttatttaggtggtggttcattctttactatttatatgttattgacg
attgaagttcaaaatataatattatttataactttgtttgtaatatttttgtttttcttatttttaaata
tgtgctcactatatgacaataaagttcatgtattatttaaatcaaatggaattgaaaagttttaa
>Potential gene 19:17799..18449, 651 bp
atgattgatttagtaagtacctggttaactttatttcttcctatgattaattggttaattccaaaaaaat
atgtcaaaatcagtaaaaaagaatttgacgatttaaacattgtcaaacctgttaaaaataaagctttttg
gccagttgcaggtagtactattttgttcggagttacgtttagaaaatatattccttcacttaatattcaa
ttagagaaaaacatggtgattgtaatatgttgtgcaatatttctgggtgttttaatactttttttatttc
tgaatcgtaagctaaggttggaaatttataataataactctagtaaagggaaaataattttatttccttc
attaaaaaacttttgtttcacaatattttattattttttatttggcggtctttcaataatggctctaagt
atgttattaactttaaatcctcaaaatataataggctttattggttggttggtaatgactgcaggtttct
ttctgttaaacatgtcatcgattattgacaaaaaaatttatgtattatctaaaactaacacggtggaaaa
atgatggtttagctggatttactgcaggttctatttcggcaatacttgtatattggaccaatcaaaaaaa
tgaatttggaataaaagataa
>Potential gene 20:18389..18916, 528 bp
atgcaacatatggcaataactaattttttatcaagttgaatgtcaagtaaatgtgtatattttcttaatg
caactcccagcaaagcagagctacctgcaactggccaaaaaacattctttttagcaggtttaacaatatt
taagttttcaaactcttctctactaattttgacgtattcttttgggatgaaccaattaataaaaggaaaa
aataaactaatccaagtgcttattatatcgaccattaagtattcatcattatatttaataattctatatt
ttgggtttttattgatgattttagattcgcatagcaacatttaccagctccatttcttagggcttatatg
attagaaatactttttgaagcttcaccatgacattttcaacaccatctactgttttttctgcagattttt
ctacagcatctataccaacgtctagtttatgtcctatccaatcgtttttatcttttattccaaattcatt
tttttgattggtccaatatacaagtattgccgaaatag
>Potential gene 21:18597..19223, 627 bp
atgttgctatgcgaatctaaaatcatcaataaaaacccaaaatatagaattattaaatataatgatgaat
acttaatggtcgatataataagcacttggattagtttattttttccttttattaattggttcatcccaaa
agaatacgtcaaaattagtagagaagagtttgaaaacttaaatattgttaaacctgctaaaaagaatgtt
ttttggccagttgcaggtagctctgctttgctgggagttgcattaagaaaatatacacatttacttgaca
ttcaacttgataaaaaattagttattgccatatgttgcatcacatttatagggattttaatattttatgt
acgcctaattaaaaaatcatctttaaatatttataatactaaaaataaaaggtcaaaaatttttttaata
cctacactaaaaaatgtttgtttcacattatttggatatattttatttggcggattgactatgctattcc
tagatgcactattatcaatgagttatcaaaacataatagtatattttgtttggattgcagttataatggg
tttttttctagttaatatagctttaattatagataaaaacattcatgtcatacttaaaaaccaatag
>Potential gene 22:19493..20431, 939 bp
atgaagcaatttgtaaacttaggtaaatctgatgttgaagtgtttccaatcgcacttgggacgaacgcag
taggtgggcataatttatatccgaacttagatgaagaacaaggaaaagatgttgttcgtcaagccattaa
tcatggtattaatttattagatacggcatatatttatgggccagaacgatcagaagaattggttggagaa
gttgttaaagaatatccgcgagagcaaattaaaattgctacgaaagggtctcatgaatttgatgaaaatc
aagaagtacatcagaacaatcaaccggaatatttaaaacaacaagttgagaatagtttgaaacgtctaca
aactgattatatcgatttatattatattcattttccggataacaacactccgaaagatcaagcagttgca
gcattacaagagcttaaggaacaagggaagattaaagcaattggtgtatcaaatttcacattagatcaac
ttaaagaagcaaataaagatggttacgttgatgttgtacagttagaatataatttattgcatcgcgaaaa
tgaggcagtattacaatattgtgttgatcaccaaatcacatttattccatatttcccattagcatccggt
attttagctggaaaatatgatgagaacactaaatttagtgaccatcgtactacacgtcgtgattttaaac
caggtgtatttgaagaaaatgtgcgtcgcgtaaaagctttggaaagcatagctgcagcacatcaaacttc
aattgcgaacattgtattagcattttatttaacgagaccagctatcgatgtgattattcctggtgcaaaa
cgtgcagaacaagtcgttgaaaatattaaagctgcagatatcgttttatcagatgatgagattcaatata
tcgatgaactgtttccgattgaagactaa
>Potential gene 23:20642..21178, 537 bp
atgattactgttttgtttggtgggagtagaccaaacggtaatactgcacaattaacaaaattcgctttgc
aagatttagagtatcaatggattgacgtgacacaacatcagtttaaaccgatacgtgacgtgagacatac
agcagagactattacttcatatgacgatgactatttgccgattctagataaaatattggctagtgataca
attatttttgcatcaccagtgtattggtatagcatttcagcaccattgaaagcatttatcgaacattggt
cagaaacattacaagataaacgatatcctaattttaaggcacaaatggccgaaaaggattttagagttat
tttagttggtggagattgtccaaaaataaaagcgaagccagcaattacgcaaatgaaatatagtttagac
tttttaggtgccactttaaatggttatattattggaactgctgaaaagcctggtgacatcatgaaagaca
actatgccttagcacgtgcaactgagtggaatagtatattgcaataa
>Potential gene 24:21347..21823, 477 bp
atgttcaaggtaagacaagcaactgaaaaagatgttgttcaaattagagatgtcgcaactaaagcttggt
ttaatacatacttaaatatatacgctgcgacaacagttaatcacttgttagaagcttcatataatgaaca
tcatttaaagaaaagacttcaagaacaattattcttagtcgttgaagaaggtaatgacatcgttggcttt
gctaactttatttacggtgaagaattatatttatcagctcattatgttaaaccagaatcgcaacatacag
gttatggtacagcattgttaaatgaaggattatcacgttttgaagataaatttgaaggtgtttacttaga
agtagataataaaaatgaagaagcagtagcttactataaagagcaaggttttacaatcttacgctcttat
gagccagaaatgtatggcgaaaagttagacttagcacttatgtacaaagcattttaa
>Potential gene 25:21863..23158, 1296 bp
atgactaacgcatatgtagatttaaaattagtagaagaaaaagtttttaaagacccgatacatcgatata
ttcatgttgaagatcaattgatatgggatttaattaaaactaaggaattccaaaggttacgtcgaattag
acaactaggaacactgtacctatcttttcacacagcagaacatagtcgctttggacattctttaggtgtg
tatgaaatagttagacgattaattgatgagtcatttattggtcatgatgcatgggacaataaagatagac
cgttggcattatgtgctgcattattacatgatttaggacatggtccattttcacatagttttgaaaaaat
atttaatacagaccatgaagcatacacacaagcgattattactggagatactgaggtgaatgctgtatta
cgtaaagtggcgcctgagtttccaagagaagttgcggaagtaattaataaaacgcatcataataaattgg
tcatttcgatgatttcgtcacaaatcgatgcggatagaatggattatttacaacgtgatgcgtatttcac
aggtgtatcatatggtgcttttgatatggagcgtattttaagattaatgcgaccttctaaagatgaagta
ctaatcaaagaaagtggtatgcatgcagttgaaaactttattatgagtcgttatcaaatgtattggcaaa
tttacttccacccagttagtcgtggtggagaagtgctgcttaataattgtttgaaacgcgcaaaacagct
ttataatgaaggctatgaatttaagttgcatccacatgattttattccattttttgaagagacagttacg
attgaacaatatgttgaactcgatgaagcggtagttacgtattatttggaaaaatggacaaaagaagatg
atgctattttaagtgatttagcaagtcgatttattaatcgagacttatttaaatatattccatttgatgg
ctcaattattacaatatcagaactgcaagaactgtttgaagcaggtggtattaatccagattattatttt
gtgagtgaagcattttctgatttgccatatgactatgatcgaccggggtcaaatcgcaaaccgattcatt
tattaagacaagatggtacgattagagaaataagcaatcaatcattagtcattcatagtattacaggcat
taatcgccaagactataaattatattatcctagagaaatggttgcaaagattaaagataagacaattaga
gaagctattgaaaatttgattaatgagcttaattaa
>Potential gene 26:23186..23707, 522 bp
atggaggttatatcattgtctgagaaaaaaggctttaattttaatatcataaaaaatgaccctctagatg
gtcataaaggtacaaatattggttcaattagcttagacaatattgcaccagtttttatcgatgttgctaa
caaagaagcatttattgatattggaggcatgcatgctcgtgccaaagttgaaaaaggtgtgaaatggatt
actgataaagctgctgttgaaggcgatgaagctaaagaatattggttgtgttgggtaacaacagaacgta
atgaacaaggaccatattacgctggtttaacagcgtgctatttattagtgaataaagcaattcgtcgtgg
ttataaaagtatgcctgaacatgttaatatgatggataaatcaatgaaacatcatattatcatagatcaa
attggtgacgagaataaagctattttaaaagactttttaatgaaccatgatgaaggtatgtggaagcatt
cttctgatgctttacatcaagcatttaattaa
>Potential gene 27:24206..25216, 1011 bp
atgagagcagcagttgtaacgaaagatcacaaagtaagtattgaggacaaaaagttaagagctttaaaac
ctggtgaagcgttggtacaaacggaatattgtggcgtttgtcataccgatttacatgttaagaatgctga
ttttggtgatgttacaggcgttactttaggtcatgaaggtattggtaaagtcatcgaagttgcggaagat
gtagaatcattaaaaattggagaccgtgtgtctatcgcttggatgttcgaaagctgtggaagatgtgaat
attgtacaacaggtcgtgaaacactttgccgtagtgtgaaaaatgctggttatacagtagatggtgcaat
ggctgaacaagttattgttactgcagactatgctgtgaaagtacctgaaaaattagatccagcagcagcg
tcttctattacatgcgcaggtgtgacaacttataaagctgtaaaagtaagtaatgtaaaacctggacaat
ggttaggtgtttttggtataggtggtttaggtaacctagctttacaatatgctaaaaacgttatgggggc
taaaattgttgccttcgacatcaatgatgataaattagcattcgcgaaagaattaggtgctgatgctatt
attaattctaaagatgttgatccagttgcagaagttatgaaattaactgataacaaaggattagatgcaa
cagtggtaacttcagttgctaagacgccatttaaccaagcggttgatgttgtaaaagctggtgcaagagt
tgttgccgttggtttacctgttgataaaatgaacttagatatcccaagattagtgcttgatggtattgaa
gtagtaggttcacttgttggtacaagacaagacttacgtgaagcgtttgaatttgctgctgaaaataaag
taacacctaaagttcaattaagaaaattagaagaaatcaatgatatttttgaagaaatggaaaatggtac
tataactggtagaatggttattaaattttaa
>Potential gene 28:25904..27565, 1662 bp
atgaatattattgatcaagtgaaacaaacattagtagaagaaattgcagcaagtattaacaaagcaggat
tagcagatgagattcctgatattaaaattgaagttcctaaagatacaaaaaatggagattatgctactaa
tattgcgatggtactgactaagattgcaaagcgtaatcctcgtgaaattgctcaagcgattgttgataac
ttagatactgaaaaagcacatgtaaaacaaattgacattgctggtccaggattcattaatttttacttag
ataatcagtatttaacagcaattattcctgaagcaattgaaaaaggtgatcaatttggacatgtaaatga
atcaaaaggtcaaaatgtattgcttgagtatgtttcagctaaccctacaggagatttacatattggtcat
gctagaaatgcagcagttggtgatgctttagctaatattttaactgcagctggctataatgtaacacgtg
aatattatattaatgatgctggtaatcaaattactaacttagcgcgttcgattgaaacacgtttctttga
agctttaggtgacaatagttattcaatgccagaagatggctataatggaaaagatattattgaaataggt
aaagatttagcagagaaacaccctgaaattaaagattattctgaagaagcacgtttgaaagaatttagaa
aattaggcgtagaatacgaaatggctaaattgaaaaatgatttagcagagttcaatacgcattttgataa
ttggtttagtgaaacatctttatatgaaaaaggagaaattcttgaagttttagcaaaaatgaaagaatta
ggttatacgtatgaagctgatggcgctacatggttacgtacaactgattttaaagacgacaaagacagag
tattaattaaaaatgacggtacatatacgtatttcttaccagatattgcgtaccacttcgataaagtaaa
acgtggtaatgacattttaatcgatttatttggtgctgatcatcatggttatattaatcgtttgaaagca
tctcttgaaacgtttggtgtagatagtaatcgtttagaaattcaaatcatgcaaatggttcgtttaatgg
aaaatggtaaagaagtgaagatgagtaaacgtactggtaatgcgattacattaagagaaattatggacga
agttggcgttgacgctgcacgttatttcttaactatgcgtagtcctgatagtcactttgattttgatatg
gaattagcgaaagagcaatctcaagacaatccagtttactatgctcaatatgcacatgcgcgtatttgtt
caattttaaaacaagcgaaagagcaaggtattgaagtgactgctgcgaatgattttacaacgattactaa
tgaaaaagcgattgaattgttgaaaaaagtagctgatttcgaacctacaattgaaagtgctgctgagcat
agatcggcacatagaattactaattatattcaagatttagcttctcatttccataaattctataatgctg
aaaaagtgttaacagatgatattgaaaaaacaaaagcacatgttgctatgattgaagcggtcagaattac
attgaaaaatgcattggcaatggtcggtgtaagcgcacctgaatcaatgtaa
>Potential gene 29:27953..28588, 636 bp
atgttaggaactgatgaattatataaagttttatatgaacatctcggaccacaattttggtggcctgctg
ataatgacattgaaatgatgttaggtgcaattttagttcaaaatactagatggcgaaatgcagaaattgc
attgaatcagattaaagaacatacgcattttaatccaaatcatatattagaactacctattgaaacgtta
caatcattgatacattcaagtggcttttataaaagtaaatcactgacgattaaaacattattaacatggt
tagcacgacatcatttcaattatcaagagattaatgagcgatataaaggtggattaagaaaagaattatt
atctttgaaaggtattggaagtgaaacagcagatgtcttacttgtttatatattcggacgtattgaattt
attccagatagctatacaagaaaaatatatgataaattaggatatgaaaacactaaaaattatgatcaat
taaaaaaagtagtcacattaccaaatcattttacaaatcaagatgctaatgaatttcatgctctgttaga
tgtatttggtaaacattactttagagacaaagatataaagaattatgattttttagaaccttactttaaa
aagtaa
>Potential gene 30:29003..29854, 852 bp
atgcttgtcctgagtggctgtggtatgaaagataatgataaacaaggtagcaatgataatggctcgtcta
aatcgccgtaccatagaattgtttcgttaatgcctagtaatactgaaattttatatgaattaggattagg
taaatacatagttggtgtttcaacggttgatgattatccaaaagatgtgaaaaagggtaagaaacaattt
gatgctttgaatctaaataaagaggaacttttaaaggcaaagccagatctaattcttgcgcatgagtcgc
aaaaggcaactgctaataaagtattgtcatcattagagaaacaaggcatcaaagtagtgtatgttaaaga
tgcacaatcaattgatgaaacttacaacacatttaagcaaattgggaaattaacgcatcatgataagcag
gctgaacaacttgttgaggaaactaaagataatatcgataaagtcatagattcaattcctgctcatcata
aaaaatcaaaagtatttattgaggtttcatcaaagcctgaaatatatacagcagggaagcatacattttt
taatgatatgttagaaaaattagaagcccaaaatgtgtatagtgacattaatggttggaaccctgtaacg
aaggaaagtattattaaaaagaacccagatatattaatttcgacggaagctaagacaagatcagattata
tggatatcatcaaaaaaagaggtggattcaataaaattaatgctgtcaagaatacacgtattgaagttgt
aaatggtgatgaagtatcaagaccaggtccacgtattgatgaaggattaaaagaattaagagatgcaatt
tatagaaaataa
>Potential gene 31:29966..30952, 987 bp
atgaatgtaattatcgatgaaagaaaagagaatgctatgacatttaataaagtattattgagctggatag
tcatattgattataacaactagcatatatctattttggcagttgggcgatatcaatgatgtatttaacca
gtctattttaatcaatgttagattaccgagattattagaagcattgttgacaggtatgatattaactgtt
gcaggccttatatttcaaacagttttaaataatgcattggcagatagctttacattaggattggcaagcg
gcgctacatttggttcaggattagcattatttttaggtttaacaacgttatggattcctgtattttcaat
aacatttagtttgataacattaataactgtattagtcattacgtcggtattgagccaaggctatccagtt
agaatcttaatattaagtggtttaatgattggtgcgttattcaattcacttctatattttttgattttat
taaaacctcgcaaattaaatacaattgccaattatctgtttggtggttttggtgatgcagaatactcaaa
tgtatctataatagcaatcacatttatcattgcattgtttggtatatttatcattcttaatcaactaaag
ttattgcaattaggagaactaaaaagtcagtcactaggcttaaatgttcaattgattacatatatcgcgt
tatgtatagcttctatgataacggcgataaatgtcgcatatgttggcatcattggattcattggtatggt
gataccgcaactcattagaaaatggcagtggaaacaatcattaggaagacaattggctttaaatattgta
actggaggacaaataatggttatggcagattttattggtagccatatattgtcaccagtacaaataccgg
caagtattatcattgcattaattggtataccagtgttattttacatgctaatatctcagtcgaaacggtt
acactag
>Potential gene 32:31007..31726, 720 bp
atggatttgaatcaaattaaagcagttgtatttgatttagaaggtacgttgttggacagagttaaatctc
gagagaaatttatcgaagagcaatatgaacgatttcatgactacttaattcatgttcaactggcagattt
taaaaaagcatttattgagctagatgacgatgaagataatgataaacctgatttatataaagaaatcatt
aaacgtttccatgtagataggttaacttggaaagacttatttaatgattttgaaatgcatttttatcgtt
atgtatttccttattacgatactttgtatacactagaaaagctatcgcaaaaaggctttcaaattggtgt
tatcgcaaatggtaaatctaagattaaacaatttcgattacattcacttggtttgatgcatgttattaat
tatttatcaacatcagaaacagttggttttcgtaaaccacatcctaaaatttttgaagatatgattgatc
aactaggggtattacctgagcaaattatgtatgttggcgatgatgcgttaaatgatgtagctccagcacg
agctatgggcatggttagtgtatggtataaacaagaagatgctgaaattgaaccactcgaagaagaagtt
gattttacaattacaacagtggaagaattattaaccattttaccaataaaaaatgataataaaggagaaa
attatggatctatttactag
>Potential gene 33:31689..32510, 822 bp
atgataataaaggagaaaattatggatctatttactagaaaagatggaacatcgatacattacagtacat
taggtgaaggctatcctatcgtattgattcatactgtacttgataattattctgtgtttaataaattagc
agcagaattagcaaaatcatttcaagttgtgttaattgatttacgtggacatggctattctgataaacct
cgtcacattgaaataaaagatttttctgatgacattgttgaattacttaaatatttatatattgaagaag
ttgcatttgtatgccatgaaatgggtggaatcattggtgcggatatttcagtacgttatcctgaatttac
atcatcacttacgttggtaaatccaacatctattgaaggtgaattaccggaagaacgtttatttagaaaa
tatgcccatattattcgaaactgggatcctgaaaaacaagataaatttttaaataagcgtaagtattatc
gtccgagaaaaatgaatcgattcctcaaacatgtcgtagatacaaatgaaatatcaactaaagaagaaat
tcaagcagttaaagaggtattcaaaaacgctgatatttctcaaacttatagaaatgtcgtagtaccgaca
aaaattattgcaggagaattcggtgaaagaacaacaagattagaagctaaagaagtagctgatttaatcc
aaaatgcggactttgaagtatatcaagaatcaagtgcattcccatttgttgaagagcaagaaagattcgt
cgaagatacagctgcatttatcaacaaacatcacgatgaaaagcatgtttaa
>Potential gene 34:32646..33152, 507 bp
atgaaaaagctactaacggcaagtataattgcatgttctgttgtaatgggagtaggcttagtgaacacta
gtgccgaagcagcaagtggcaactctattgatactgttaaacaattaattaagggtgatcagtcattaga
aaatgtgaaaattggcgaatctattaaagatgttttaactaagtacaaaaatccgatgtattcttacaat
gaagatggaactgaacattattacgaattccatactaaaaaaggtatgttattagtaactactgatggta
agaaaaacaatggtaaagtaactcatatttcaatgatgtataatgatgctaatggtccaacatatcaagc
tgttaaaaattatgttggcaaagcagtaacacatacggaatatagcaaagttgctggtaattttggatat
attgaaaaaggcaaaacgacttatcaatttgcctcagcaccaaaagataaaaacataaaattatatcgta
ttgatttggaaaaataa
>Potential gene 35:33287..34030, 744 bp
atgtttcattttaaaggagtactaccaatgcgtattaacgataaaattttactagaaaatatagaagatt
actttaatcataaaggtttatcaccgcatttgattgatgatattaaagagaaagtaattactgatataaa
aaattctgaaaagaaagatcaagattatattgaatataaaagaaaatctccagcacaaatcatattaatg
attcaaaggaatttgtttgctttacaaatgaatccagttattttctttattataaacttcattctcatat
cctatttatatgataaacagtatgttcagtttcaagctattactggaatgagtctattttattgtttagt
gatttttccaatgactattgttgtatacctaagggtgtctcaaaagaattacttgcgtagtaataaaata
gaaatgattatgggtacaattatcgctatcatatccttgttattaattatattacaagcatttaatatta
cttggggcgttataccaattacaaattttggacatcaatttttctttttcattggtattattttagtaat
tgccggcatattttataagcgacttgagttttcgggaatcgggttattattttgtcaaaaaaccgtcgat
gcaatgattcataatccacaatcagcccagattttttcattaattatatggatattattagtagttctag
ttatatatttcacaattagattatcttcacgtacaagattataa
>Potential gene 36:34199..34987, 789 bp
atgaataaagtcacaattaatcctcaaatccaattaacttatcaaattgaaggtaaaggggatcctataa
tattacttcatggattggatggtaatttagctggatttgaagatttgcaacatcaactagcatcatcata
taaagtacttacttacgatttaagaggtcatggcaagtcttctaaaagtgaatcatacgatttaaacgat
cacgttgaggatttaaaaattctaatggagaagttaaatattcatgaggcacatattctaggacatgatt
taggtggggtagttgctaagttatttacagataaatatgcttatcgtgtaaaatcattaactaccattgc
atcgaagaaagatgacttaatacacagctttactcaattgttaatacaatatcaagatgatatagcgggt
tttaataagtctgaagcgtatattcttttattttctaaattgtttagaaatcaagagaagacgatgaaat
ggtatcaaaaacaaagaatatatagcattaagtctgaggatgatagtgcggtggcaattcgttcattaat
tttgcataaagatgaacctatgtatttaaaaaaacgtacatgtgtacctactttgttaattaatggggaa
catgatcctttgattaaagataagaatcattttaaattggaagcgcattttttaaatgttacgaaaaaaa
tcttcgaacattcaggacatgcaccgcatattgaagaaccagaagcatttatgaattattatttaaaatt
tttaaaaagcgtatcataa
>Potential gene 37:35238..35612, 375 bp
atggcaattacaaaaatcaatgattgctttgagttgttatcaatggtcacttatgctgacaaattaaaaa
gtttaattaaaaaggaattttcaattagctttgaagaattcgctgtattgacatacatcagcgaaaacaa
agagaaagaatactatcttaaagatattattaatcatttaaactacaaacaaccacaagttgttaaagca
gttaaaattttatctcaagaagattacttcgataaaaaacgtaatgagcatgatgaaagaactgtattaa
ttcttgttaatgcacaacaacgtaaaaaaatcgaatcattattgagtcgagtaaataaacgaatcactga
agcaaacaacgaaattgaactataa
>Potential gene 38:36560..37057, 498 bp
atgaatcaatttaacaagaataatttattactaactgatcaaaagtatttactgttttggcttctattag
gatttatttttggtttctttccacctattcaaacgacaattaatagtgctttagctagtcatactcattc
accagcctttgcatcattagtatcatttacaattgggtcaatagcgctattgattttaaccgctattttt
aatcgttctttaaaactaaaaacaagtcatttaaaattcggtaaattaaagcctatctattttactggcg
gtatacttggcatggcttttgtaacagctaacattatcttaatgcctcatatgggtgcagcattaacaac
acttattgggatgtttggccagattctaatgggcatattgatagatcactttggattatttggttcacct
aaaatagcaatgacatccagaaaaactattggtctattatgtattttgacaggcattatacttttaagat
tattttaa
>Potential gene 39:37328..37681, 354 bp
atgaaaccattattacccaaaagtataactatggatagaggtaaggagtttgctctatttgaagaaatag
aagatgaattgaattgtagtatttattttagtgatttgggttgtccatatcaacgtggttctattgaaaa
tgcaaatggacttttaagacagtattatcctaaaggtacggattttgcaaatataacacaaaagtcatta
gatgaagctgttaaacaaattaatgcacggcctcgaatgatatttgactataaatcgagtgaggaaatgc
taaagtaccatgtaagcacacaaaattgtgaacctatattaaatgactgtgtgaggcacgaacccgtcaa
ttaa
>Potential gene 40:37845..38348, 504 bp
atgaaaaaaagaaaaaaacgtaaagaattagactataaaacacgtctagctatcgcaaagtatttaaatg
atggtttaaacatcattcagatttctaagattttaggtcgtgatgatgcagttctttatagagaagtaaa
taagcgttctgttgatggtgtttataatcctttattagctgaggaagatgctataaaatcgcgtagtatt
tcagatgaacaagttgctaaacgtagacgtttgaatgatgaaacaaaagcatatattgaagaaaaacttt
cattaaaatggtctcctagacagatagcaagtcaaattgaaaaagatacagggtattatataagttatcc
tactatatatagatatattcgcaatggattggtaaaagttgatgttaagcgtgatatgagacaagcaggc
aagaaatataataagtcttctgaaaagcgtggcaaattagacgtagggtctcgtgttataaagtatcggc
tcaaaaagtattaa
>Potential gene 41:38457..38813, 357 bp
atgaggcgatggtttgtattaattttaggattagttatattattatctgcatgtggtcagaaatatgata
aagaaattgatgaagttacaaagttagaaaaagaaagtattcaagatgtgaaaaatacaaagaagtataa
aaatgttgagcggtcaaaaagttattataagatttataatgatggtgaggttattataatgacttatatg
ccttttaaagatagtaatacaaaagtttcaagagtatataaaataaatcagactagcgataaatatgaag
aagattctaatattgatgctgaaaagtttgagaaagataataaaccagtttatgaagaaaataatatgaa
aaaataa
>Potential gene 42:38869..39459, 591 bp
atgaagcaaaaaattattatgtttactcttgtaacagtaatattattttgtgctgttttaattggttatc
agattcctaaacaacaagttaaaatgaaacaaaatcaaattgaagatttgcaggaagaacaacgtatatt
aagagataaaaatggagagttaaataaattagtaaagagacaatcaaaaacagttatttctgatgaagaa
aaacaaatacgtgaagtttcttcaaattttgttaaacagatgtttgaaatgaaaaaagattcttctttta
aatcaaaagcaccacaaataaagcctttagttacaaaggattattacgatacattatttaaggattctaa
agataaatatgatttatatgatgatataacggttaatgatattcatgtttattttgatacttatgaccct
aaaaaagatagttataaagtttttgttcagttcgacgaacgtattgaaacagatggagatgataaaattg
aacatcgtcaaacatctgcacaattggatttagttcgtacagctgaaggttggcgtattgataatttaaa
acgtttcaatttaaaacctctaggacgttag
>Potential gene 43:39460..40512, 1053 bp
atggtaaataaaaaagatattgctaaaaaagtaataggtaaaacgccaataggcgttaaattgaaattag
cgaaagtcatcatcattttatgtgtggtggctttttttatatttccagtaattataatgtttttgttagc
gcctgatttaaataaaggtaaagatgatgctggttgtactgttagtggcggtaatgtttcggcaaatggt
attgataagtttaacgaaaatgctaaaggtggaaaattagagggtaaaggaaaagaaatacagaaaattg
cagaaaaaaataaagtacctgtgaatatttttatggccattattgcgagtgaatcacaatggggtaaagg
agaaaatgcgacaagacaaaataatcctttgtctgttatgggttcaaaatcgattcatgattcaacatat
ccaactattgaagatggtcttaatgcgggagctaaaaatttgtatgatgtttatatttctaaaggtttag
atactcctaaaaaaataggtcccaaatatgcgcctgttggtgcgtcaaatgaccctaataatatgaatgc
ccgttggataccaacagttgaaaaaattatgaaagatttaggcggttcagaagctaaaacgtcatgtagt
aatggtaaaggaaagtctataaagtttaatggtaaattgccacattggtcaaatgatgaccctggaaaag
gtaatttatacactgctggtcaatgtacttggtatgcatacggtatgcgtcaaaaaatgggtaaacctgt
atcgacttattggcatgatgcacataaatggaatgatagagctaaagctgagggttataaagttgataaa
aatccggaacctggtgcattatttattgctgaacaaggtgcaggcggtcatgatgggcattatggtcatg
tggctgttgttattggtgtaagtgatggtggtaaaacatttagaataacagaaatgaattgggaaggtgc
ttttaaagttaatgaacgtacattgaaaatgactgacggatatagttttattcatgataaggagtgaaaa
taa
>Potential gene 44:40502..42349, 1848 bp
atgaagcataaaagtgtgtatcttttatgctttttaattttgcctattctgcttttaacatctgtgagtg
cttatgctgtttctaatccagttggagagccctcacatgcagttaagccaaaaattgaaaagtatgattt
atcacattatcgttcaatatatagtgaaaaaggcgactggaatccgtttggtcaagaagaaatttcacgt
caaattaataatgtgtcagattttttcttttctatgactaagattttagcaggtgttacagattatgcga
ttgaaaatttatttcaattagatgttattaatgattttgcggataaaatcggcgattttgttggcgatat
atatcaaaagttattgagtaatttagcattaacattatttattattgtttgttttaacgcatttattatt
tttagtgtacaaggtaatgcaagagaagcattaaaacgagcgtttttaattatgtgtttaattggttttg
gtgttggtatacttgcgaatgcaggtaatattatacgtggtacaaacaatattggtaaggacttaaataa
tataattatgaatagtacatcttctattgatggtaatattgattatattcatgagaattcaggtatgaat
catatacgtaatcaattatttgatatgacgatatatagaacatatttagtaatgaattatggaactgtcg
acgaaaaagagataaaagcaaaaggtaaagaccgtattgataacattttaaaacttgattatgataaaaa
atcagaaaaagaattagatgatattgttaaagatgaggttgaaaagaaaaataataaatatatgacgcaa
ggttatgtatttcaaaagttggctatttcagtgattggttttattattacactttttatgtcgatagtat
ttttatcaataagttttgcgaagttgattttttctacatttgctttatttttattcttatttttagtatt
cagttggatagtgagttttataccaggatttgaattatctgttttctctgcgtttgcaaaaacgttaggc
tatattattttaagtgcttgtatgacattcttatttgtgatagttggtttgtgtatcaagcttgcaaata
gttttattgaaccggatagtcaaaatgcttattttttaaattcaatatttataattgtaatattgtttgt
aatgtataaaaaacgggctcaaattatcaattttgtaagtcgtggtaatattagtttttctcctagtgca
attggtgctggtgtgatgaatcgaacacaagaacgttttaataagattcgtcatgaacaagcgcaaaata
agaaagctaaacgagaaaatcaaagagatgaacccgccccaccacttcaaaatgataatgatttaagaag
aagacaacaggataaaccaatgcctttatttataaataaagataatcaaaaaaatggtaataagcgcaga
gaacaacaagagtcaatgaatggtaacgatgtaaaatctgcttctgttgaatcaaatgcaaataattatt
ctaaacaaccacaaaaagcatcacagcaagaacatcaagtacgagaaacaagacagcgaaaagatataca
aaggtcgccacaagtggttaatcagccattaaataatgagaatcattcaataaatcgtaaagaacagaag
tcagttcaaactgcttatgatactgatgttcaaaaacgacaaatacaaaatgcgacacagaatcaacaaa
gtagacaatctggaaatcgtaatcaacctattacgcgtaattctcagtcaaaagaccgtttaaaagagca
aaaggatatcaataagcatggtaaataa
>Potential gene 45:42339..43712, 1374 bp
atggcaatgaatgaaattgctttatttaaaggcgtacgtatacagccttatcagaagtatattgatttta
tgtttgcaagtgtattagcatttatttttttggtatatcgtatatatattttgtttattgattataaatc
agttaataaaaaattggatatattgacgttgtttgcatattttaaaccgcatttattgtatttattaatt
ggtacagcaattatatttgtgatatgtaagcttattgctcagtttttaatacgttttaaaacaaaagatt
tggctgaaatgattgaaacacaaggttttcataatcgtacagtaatcaagaaaacaactgagtatatccc
tattgattataaacaaactgaatatgattattatccaacaatgttttataagcgtggtaaaaaatctttt
gttattcatattaagaaagacggttcgaggtttcaagataattatttagagttagagacgattattgaac
caatgtttaattctgaattagtagaaaaaaagcatattggtcgttatttgagatatgaatttatgccact
taaatataaaaagcgtattgttatgaatggcgaacaagaatcaaatacaattttttatgatacaaaaatt
gctattacgcatcaaattacttgggattttgtgaaagcacctcatggattggttacaggtataaccggag
gtggtaaaacatattttttattttatgtgattcgtgagttattccgtagacattcagaagtacgtttatt
agacccaaaagtttcagatttgagctttatgaagcgcgttattggtgatgataaagttgcagatactaaa
ggtcaaatattaaaacaattgagagaagctaataatgaaatggaagagcgttttagattaatgaatgata
gttcggattataaaatcgggaatgatttccgtaattttgatatgcgcccctatttcattatttttgatga
ggtaacagcttttacttcaactttagataaaaaagaattacaagaaatgaatgattatttaattaatatt
attatgaaaggtcgtcaagctggtgtatttatgtttttaacagcacaaagaccagatgcagatgtgatta
aaggtaatgtgcgtgaccaattagggttacgtgtgtctttaggtaatttgtcaaatgatggttatcgtat
gacctttggtcaaactgataaagaatttcaaacgattcatgatagtgatatcggccgaggttatatttct
atacttggacaatataatgaaccaattttatttgatgcacctttaatggaacaatatgattttgtggaag
atgtgaaacaaatattaaataaggagtgatttgatgaagcataa
>Potential gene 46:43766..46261, 2496 bp
atgaatttaaaagcaccgtatgcaggtttaagagataatttgttattaacgaaaactggcgaagtttggg
cgtattatcgtgttcgttctgagtctatatcaacagcaaattatgatgcaaaagaagaatcaaaaaagcg
tatgcgttattttttagagtcgattaaaggttatcaagattttcattttgaaatgtatgaccacgattta
gatttgcgaaataaatttaaagaaattagtaaagattttgatgatgaagcttttaatgtagctgaatatt
attcaaaagaaactattgacgtattagaacaagaattacaaatgattacgcataattcttttgttatggg
tgttaaaatacgtgaattagctgacgatgcagttacacttaaagagattttaaaaagtacattatcagat
acggctgagcgtattgtttcgaattttggttttgatgtgaatttagacgataaaattttagataagtata
aaacatttgaacgagatttggctgatagttttctaggtattggaggcgagcgtttaactgagaatgaatt
ggcttatattattagaaagccttttatttcaaatgcaacacatgacgtacaggaagaatcttcaagaaga
gctattacagatatttataatgcagtaattgaccctactcgcttgagtgttttagaagttgaaaatgata
acgagaaattttatacaacaacagttgttgttgatgattttccgttagatatggaatatacacatttatt
tgagaaagctcaaaatatgccttttccggttgaatgccatgtaaaagcaaaaatcattaataatgagaaa
gttaagaaaaaatttgaccgtgcgaaaataaatcataaacaacaagcaaaagaaaagcaagatactggcg
acagtgcttcggaagatgttcaagataatttgtttgtattgaatcaaatggaacgagaagtgactggctc
aggtgtatttattgagtgggtatttatgtttgtaattaaaagtgatgattatagagattgtaaacgtaaa
gcaaagcgtttgatgaaacgattaaaggaaactcaaatatatgcagttaatccattagctgaccagttac
aattgttttatcaatgtttacatggtaatgatttatttattaataagtattggttacaaagaacaacggc
aacaggtatagcagagaatttatttggtgtgtctcaaagtttgggaacaaaaacgggtttttatataggg
cgtattgataaatttatacgttctgtttcacgtgaggaagctgttgcaagttcaagggatataattttgt
ttagtttattgttggccgcaaaaggtattaagggggctgtcagtgatagtccgcatgttttaattactgg
tcaaactgggaaaggtaaatcatttttagcaaaattattatggatttatacatcattttttaaaggtcaa
atgttgtactgggatccaaaatctgagtttgcagaatggtttgacagagtaacagaaagtaaggaaatgc
aagaaaagtatcccctatttattaatcatttaaaaacatttaaatatgtaacattgaattatgaagattc
aaccaattatggttgtctagaccctattgtatttttagatggtattgaagctaatgagatgttgaaatca
gtgtttgatgaaattaaatcttttgaaaattatcatcatattgaaacagcaatttatcaagctatttctg
atacggttgaagaacgtgaaaatggtaaaaaagttggttcattaaatgtaattgaaaaattacagaataa
tgaagatgagcatgtaaaaaatgcaggcgatttattatttgaaaaaacgcaaaacaatattttaaaactt
gtttttagtgatggtacgaatccagctttaaatattcaagaaaaagcaactattttacaggttaaaggtt
tagatatgcctaaagcagatgatgatacatcaagttattcaacaagtgagaaaaatgggattacattaat
gttattaattggtaagtttttagagaaattcggttctcgtagagatgttcaaacgactatatttattgat
gagggttgggcttttagtgcttcaagacaaggtaaaaaagttggtaagcgtataaaaagaacgggacgtt
ctgagaataattcacttgtatttattacacaatcggtaaaagataaagcagatgatgatggtggtaactt
tggttgtcattttgcatttgatgaaaaagatgaacgtgaggatattttaaaatctttaggcttagaatat
tcaaaagaatctcctgaaaacatggagatgttgaaagatttgaagaaaggtcaatgtatattcagtgatt
tttatggacgtgttggaaaaatggttgtacattgtccatttgaggaaatgactgaagcatttagaacaca
agaagattctgcaagctctaaagctgaagaaaaatttgcgatgtaa
>Potential gene 47:46296..46628, 333 bp
atgtatgaatttacagataagtttcgtattaataagggttttcgtttagatttttgggctacatttttga
ttgtgtggtttatattatttttgttattttggtatttattacagcctgtaattatgtcgattggtggact
tatgtttatttactttacggttgcaccttattatataacgaaatatattgttaagttaaaacaagatgga
aagaaattatttttcttcttatgggattttgtaatatttgtttttaatgtgcagttaagaaaagttaaat
taagttatgatgaagaagtagaatatcatgataaaaaaataacatttaaatag
>Potential gene 48:46655..47002, 348 bp
atggtaaatattacgttaaaaatatgactaattctattggaggttaatgttatgagtggtttatttaatt
tttttgttttaggtgctgaccgtccatcacttggtggagttggtgactggataagtaatgaagtaggtac
gggtattggtttagtagtattggttgttggtattgtaaaatgggctagtggtaaatatgggcatatggtt
atattatttgttgttggtggctttttattcttagtttctaaaggtcctgaacaggtatttaatgcgattg
caggtgtttggaaaatgatttttggcggttgaggtgattccatttggataaaaaagcttataatttaa
>Potential gene 49:46956..48011, 1056 bp
atgaaaataataagcaagtacattttaacacgattttctaaaaacggaaagcattttgatattcctaaag
aacaacgccgagtaattccaaaatttaaaaatcgtcgtaagatgattgtaatttgtttttactcattatt
agctattttgttaattcttttattagcttcttttattaaagctacaagagcaaataatgacagtaaagaa
gcagttaataaaacgaatatgattcaaaaaaagtatgaagataatgcgaatacagttcagtatagtccta
aattaaagttatatgctgataagtttattgatacgtatatgaatatctcgaaagattcaaaagaattgga
atctagagaaaaagaattgttgaaatattttccatcagattataaaaaacctgatgaaaaaatttcagat
acagaacgaaaattgaatagtaaagaattttataatattaaacgtaaagataaacaaacaattatacagt
atattgttaattatgatgtgaatattactgaaaagaaagaagttaaagttaagaagaaaaagaaaagtga
aaaagataaagatgagtatgaaacaaaaacagaagaaaagcaacgtaaagtaaatcaaaacattttaata
aatatacctattaagagtgaaaataataagtatgttgttgttgaatatccttattttacgccaatccctg
atagtcaattgaatcaagctaaaatggttgaggataatttgaaagacaataaacgggaagacaatccgaa
agcaaaagcttttattgaagatttctttaataaatatgcttctagtaagtctgatgatatggcctattta
atggataaccctgagggcttagaaggaactagagaagtttctcagataagagaaattaggttatatccaa
aaggcgatgattatgttgctaaagttgaaattttgatgaaagataaagattctcctttggagaatttgga
gcattacacattagatataacaaaaaaagatggtaaatattacgttaaaaatatgactaattctattgga
ggttaa
>Potential gene 50:48072..49163, 1092 bp
atgactttaaaaaaccagtgtaccccccttactaataggggggtagagcgtacaaataaaagtgctgtgg
aggcagttgttgactgggttcaggtcactttccatatagcccctatttcagcagtaattgaggacgttat
cggtttgcctataacgttgttcaaaaaacgaaatagtggcatttacttttataatcgcggttatgaattt
tcaaacattaaattgtattattcaagtgatgatgaatcaatgggcattcacttacagttaactggtacag
gttgtagagagtttgaacatcatttacagcagttgaataaaacttggcaagatttttttgacaaatgttt
atcagttaatgcaaattttacaagaattgatattgcaattgatgattataaaacatatttaaaagtgcct
ttattaattaaaaaggctgaaaaagctgagtgtgtttcacgttttagagctggaagcgcaataaacggtt
ttaatttgtcagacggaagaagtaaaggcgctactttttatattggttctaaacaaagcaatttatattg
tcgtttttatgaaaagaattatgaacaagcgtttaaacgtcattgtgatgtcgaagacattgggctatgg
aatcgttatgaaatacaaatgcgaaaggcatatgcagttaattgtgcgaaagtgttgagtagaacagata
atataagcgaaattgtaaagtctatattgcataataatttgcgttttatctctcctcctaaaggtggaaa
tgataaaaatcgtaagcggtggccattatatagaccttgggcgttatttattaaagatactgaaaaattg
aatttaactactagaccaacattaaagtccattgaggataatcttgattggttatgtaaacaagttgcta
ctactttagatacagtgttaactgccgaaagtatggcgcaatctgaggggttgcttacagatactgattt
tttagataaaattttagcgcattcacaatttaatgatgagcatacgaatagaattaatcattatttggag
gctttaaaacaaaaaaagcacttatcaaaagataagtgttaa
>Potential gene 51:49338..49640, 303 bp
atggattattatacagcagatagattatatcgctacacaaatagttcaaatttgagtgaacctattttaa
actatgttgctagtcgtataaattggggcgataaagtttcattaatgactttagctaaagaaatacagtc
taaatttaatgatagttacgttaaagaaaatacggtaaaaggtcggcctaaaatttacgctgacctttgt
ctattgtgtatgagcttgagtgaagcaggacatggcagaatgctacaagtgaatttggaagattgtattt
atattggcgatattgatgtttaa
>Potential gene 52:49654..49974, 321 bp
atgaaaccagtattggatattaaaaaaactttaggacaattaaactttttaggtgtagatgaaaaatata
aatatgaaaatggagagcgtactgataaaactgtttatgcatataaattagcgagtcaagaacaaggcga
acaaatcactgttaaaacgcctaataaagtggaattagactatttacaagaatgcgaattagttgaacca
gacgttaaaatgtatgttcaaatgtcaggcgattttggaactatcgcatatagctggaatgcagaagata
ttaaagtagttggttctaatagtgcacttaaacaaaaataa
>Potential gene 53:50125..50409, 285 bp
atgactgagtttacacctttttttgatggttcaaatcaattaaattatcttaaatttgtaattttaagat
ttcatggtgtttctaaaagaaaaatttgtaaaatgtataattttgcatattttcgtatattagaagtttg
tgaaatggcaaaaaagaatgattatcgatttacttataaggattataaatttttaaaacaatatggtgtg
tctaatacatttatttgtaagatgtatcatatttcaattgaagacttagaattttttgaggtgatgaacc
gatag
>Potential gene 54:50445..50846, 402 bp
atgcttcttttctatatcattggtgtcctagttggaatgcttattcctatccaaacatctgtcaattcaa
gactatcactgtatactaaatcgcctttctatacttcattcatttcattttcagttggaacaatttgttt
aattattttaaatatcattatcaatccagaagtatttactattcacttttacaataatcaatcatttaac
tacacatgggtagtcggtggtttgcttggggttagctttttaactggcaatttattgttattgccaaaat
taggtgcaacattaactgtaattgcaacagttgcgggtcaaattattatgggtgtcattattgatacatt
tggattatttggcgctacaattcatgattttaattggtggtgtaaactttag
>Potential gene 55:51041..51382, 342 bp
atgcatcaaacgaccaaattaaaacattcagcaaacttattgagcgacttactggagaaacatatagcaa
tatcgaactcatcaaatctttatcaatttaatcaggaggacatattcatgactaaaacacttgaattaag
ttttaaatcttcactagacaagcctgtaaaactgcaattaccacaattaaacaacgtagtgaccgagcaa
gttgcacgtgatagtatgaatgcattagtagatttaaatattataaagtcaaatagtggtactatcacca
aagtacattctgctcaaattattgataaaacaacaactgttttatttgaagataagaaatag
>Potential gene 56:51608..52204, 597 bp
atgattaagacacttaaagcaaggggaggttgagtaatgaataaagtagaagcgattaaatttaatgatg
atattgttaaaatgtatgaagcgctcaagataaaatctgaacgtgactatttattctttaagttagctat
acatagtggattgaaagtatcagaattattaacaattacagtctctcaagttaagagactaattgaaaag
tgtacgttatcagaaatgtgtaaagcacattttcattcgttgattaaaattaggttaccagaaacattat
cgaaagaactacttcaatatatagaggacaggagtctttcgaatgaagacgttctttttcaatcactacg
aacaaatcaagtattatctagacagcaagcatatcgaataattcaccaagcatcaattgaagctggtata
gataatgtaggactaacgacattgcgtaagacatttgcatatcatgcttatcaaaaaggtatacctatac
cagtcattcaaaagtatttagggcatcaatctgctattgaaacactaaattttatcggtttagaaaatga
gtgtgaacatagtatttatatttcattacaattatag
>Potential gene 57:52223..54706, 2484 bp
atgagtttggtttatttattaattgctatacttgtgattatggcgatgatacttctaatgtctaaacgta
gagcattggctaaatatgccgggtacatagcgttggttgcacctgtaatttcatctatctattttttgat
tcaaataccatcagtagctaaactgcaatatctttctacctctattccatggattaagacattagatatt
aatttagatttacgtttagatggtttaagtttaatgttttctcttattatttcacttattggaattgcag
tattcttctatgcaactcaatatttatcctctcgaaaagacaatttaccaaggttttatttttatttaac
gttatttatgttcagtatgattggtattgtattatcagacaatacgatattgatgtacattttttgggaa
ttaacgagtgtatcatcatttttattgatttcatattggtataacaatggtgacagtcaatttggtgcga
ttcaatcatttatgattacagtatttggtggattggcgttattagttggttttattatgctgtatatcat
gacaggaacgaataacatcacagagatattaggacaagcagatcatattaagaatcatggattgtttatc
cctatgatttttatgtttttattaggtgcatttacaaaatcagcacaatttccatttcatatttggctac
ctagagcaatggctgcacctacacctgtaagtgcttatttacattcagccacgatggtaaaagctggtat
ctttttattacttcgatttacaccattattaggtcttagcaatatgtacgtatatatcgttacgtttgtt
ggtttaataacaatgttatttggttcaattacagctttaaaacaatgggatttaaaaggtatcctagcgt
actctacaatcagtcaacttgggatgattatggctatggtgggtataggtggcggatatgctcaacacca
acaagacgcaatagcatctatttatgtatttgtattatttggtgcgctatttcatctaatgaatcatgcc
atctttaaatgtgcgcttttcatgggagtaggtattttagatcatgaagcaggttcaagggatatacgaa
ttttaagtggaatgcgtcaactatttcctaaaatgaatctagtcatgacgatagcggctctatctatggc
tggagtaccatttttaaatggatttttaagtaaagaaatgtttttagatgcattaacacaaactggacaa
ttatcccaatttagtttgatttcaatgatagctatcgtgtttgttggtgttattgcgagtgtttttacat
tcacatatgcactatacatggtaaaagaagtattttggacaaaatatgattctaaggtttttactaaaaa
aaatatccacgaaccatggttgtttagtttaccatctcttatattaatggtgctagtacctgtaatcttt
tttgtaccaaatatatttgggaaggggattatcgttctagcattaagagctgtatcaggtggtaatcatc
aaattgatcaattggcaccacatgtttcgcaatggcatggatttaacataccgcttcttttaaccatcat
cattattttattgggtagtgtactagcaatcaaagtagattggaaaaaagtgttcacaggtaaaattaga
cagatttcagtttcaaaaagctatgagatggtatatcgacattttgaaaagtttgctacgaagcgattta
aacgtgttatgcaagatcgtttaaaccaatacattattatgaccttaggcatatttatgattatcattgg
atatggttatattcgaattggacttcctaaagtacatcagttacatgtttctgaatttggggcattagaa
attatattagcaatcgtaactgtcacaattggtatttctttaatttttatacgtcaacgactgacaatgg
tcattttaaatggagtcatcggatttgttgtgaccttattctttatagcaatgaaagcccctgatctagc
attgactcagctagtagttgaaacaataacgacgatactatttattgtcagtttttcaagattaccaaac
gtgccaagatctaacgctaacaaaaaaagagaaataattaaaatttctgtatcactcttgatggcactta
ttgttgtatcattaatttttattacacaacaaacagatggtttatcatcaatatcagacttttatttaaa
agctgacaaactaacaggtggtaaaaatattgtaaatgcgatacttggtgactttagagcattagataca
ttatttgaaggattagtgttaattattactgggctaggtatttacacattattaaattatcaagatcgga
ggggacaagatgaaagagaatgatgtcgtgttaagaacggtcacgaaacttgttgtatttattttattga
ctttcggattctatgtcttcttcgcaggtcataa
>Potential gene 58:55034..55378, 345 bp
atgaatttaatattattactagttataggatttttagtgtttataggaacatatatgattttatcaatca
atttaattcgtattgtaatcggaatttcaatatatactcatgctggtaatctcattattatgagtatggg
aacgtatggttctagtagatcagaaccactaataactggtggaaaccaattgtttgttgatcccttgtta
caagctattgtactaactgcaatagttatagggtttgggatgactgcgtttttacttgtacttgtttata
gaacttataaagtaacaaaagaagatgaaattgaaggcctaaggggggaagatgatgctaagtaa
>Potential gene 59:55365..56864, 1500 bp
atgatgctaagtaacttattgattttaccaatgttattaccattcctttgtgccttaatccttgtatttt
taaaaaataatgatcgtatttctaaatatttatacttaggtacaatgactatcaccacaattatttcatt
aatgctattaatttatgttcagcgtcaccgtccaattacgctagactttggaggatggtcagcgcccttt
ggtatacagtttttaggagattctttaagtttaattatggttacaaccgcttcgtttgtgattactttaa
ttatggcatacggatttgggcgtggcgaacataaagcaaatcgttatcacttgccatcgttcatattatt
tttaagtgttggcgtgataggctcttttctaacatcagatttatttaatttatacgtcatgtttgaaatt
atgttactagcgtcatttgtactcattacacttggacaatctgtagaacaattacgtgctgcaattattt
atgttgtcttgaatattattggttcatggctattcttattaggtataggtttactttataaaacagtagg
tacattaaacttttcacatattgcaatgcgtttgaatgacatgggagataatcgcactgttacaatgatt
tcattaatcttcttagtcgcatttagtgcgaaagcagcgctggtcctttttatgtggctacccaaagcct
acgctgtgttaaatactgagcttgcagcattatttgcagcgttaatgaccaaagtaggggcctatgcatt
aattcgattcttcactttactatttgatcaacataatgatctcatacatccattgctagcaactatggct
gctataactatggtcatcggcgctataggtgtcattgcttataaagatattaaaaagattgcagcttacc
aagtcataatctcaataggatttatcattttaggtttaggaacaaacacgtttgcaggtattaatggtgc
aatattttatttggtaaatgacattgttgtaaaaacattgctattttttattattggtagtttagtttac
attacaggctatcgacaatatcaatatttgaatggcttagctaaaaaagaacctttatttggagttgcgt
ttattataatgatttttgctattggcggcgtgcctccatttagtggctttccggggaaagtacttatttt
ccaaggtgcattgcaaaatggcaattatattggactagcgttaatgattattactagtctaattgcaatg
tacagtttatttaggatacttttttatatgtattttggagataaagatggggaggaagttaattttaaga
aaatcccgctatatcgaaaaagaattttaagtattttagtagttgtggttatcgcaatcggaattgctgc
acctgttgtgttaaatgttacaagtgatgcaactgagttgaacacgagtgatcaattatatcaaaaactt
gtaaatccgcatttgaaaggagaggactaa
>Potential gene 60:56865..57359, 495 bp
atgaatcaaatagttttaaatattatcattgcattcttatgggtattatttcaagatgaagatcatttta
aattctcgactttcttttctggatatctaattggtttaattgtcatttatatattacacaggtttttcag
cgatgatttttatgttagaaaaatatgggtagctattaaatttttaggtgtttatttatatcaattaata
acatctagcattagcacgattaattatattctttttaaaacaaaagatatgaaccctggattactttcat
atgaaacaagactaacaagtgattggtcaataacatttttaacaattttaattattataactccagggtc
tacagtaatacgaatttctcaagactctaaaaagttttttattcatagtatcgacgtgtcagaaaaagaa
aaagatagtttgttaagaagtattaagcattatgaagacttaatattggaggtgtcgcgatgatacaaac
aataa
>Potential gene 61:57344..57646, 303 bp
atgatacaaacaataacacatattatgattattagttcactcattatttttggaattgcattaatcatct
gtttatttagattaatcaagggacctacaacagcagatcgtgtcgttacatttgatacaacaagtgctgt
cgtaatgtcaattgtgggtgtgttaagtgtacttatgggcaccgtttctttcttagattcaatcatgctc
attgccattatatcttttgtaagttctgtttcaatatcacgctttattggtggggggcatgtgtttaatg
gaaataacaaaagaaatctttag
>Potential gene 62:57612..58070, 459 bp
atgtgtttaatggaaataacaaaagaaatctttagtcttattgctgctgtgatgttgttgttaggtagtt
ttattgctcttattagtgcaataggtatcgtgaaattccaagatgttttcttaagaagtcacgctgcgac
aaaaagttcaactttatccgtgttattaactttaatcggtgtattaatttattttattgtgaatacagga
tttttcagtgtgcgtttattactgtcacttgtttttattaatttaacttcaccagtcggcatgcacttag
tcgctcgcgctgcttatcgcaacggcgcttatatgtatcgaaaaaatgatgctcacacacatgcatcaat
attattaagttcaaatgaacaaaactctacagaagcattacaattacgtgctgaaaaacgagaagagcat
cgtaagaaatggtatcaaaacgattgaagtgttggctaa
>Potential gene 63:58509..60440, 1932 bp
atgttactatttattaccccaatccctgttcaatttaattttgattctgaattgtttatggtaacaatga
ttgcgcctttgttatttgtagaaggtgttaatgtttctagagtccatttaaggaaatatattaagccagt
gatgatgatggcattaggattagtcattactactgtgataggtgtaggtttatttattcattggatttgg
ccagatttacctattggagcagcatttgcaattgctgccattctttgtcctactgatgcagtagcagtgc
aagcaatcactaaaggaaaggtcttgccaaaaggagcaatgacaattcttgaaggtgagtcattattgaa
tgatgctgctggtattatttcatttaaaatagctgttggagtattagttacaggtgctttttcacttgtt
gatgctgttcagttgtttttaattgcatcaattggtggcgcagtggttggtttacttataggtatggcat
tagtaaggttccgattaacattgatgcgtcgaggatatgaaaacattaatatgtttacaattattcaatt
gttaacaccatttgttacgtatttaattgctgaattgtttcacgcatcaggaatcattgcagcagtagtt
gcaggacttgtacatggtttcgaacgtgacagaattatgcaagtacgtacacaactgcaaatgagttaca
atcatacatggaatatactaggttatgttttaaatggctttgttttttcaatattaggatttttagtacc
tgaagttattattaaaattatcaaaacagaaccgcacaatttaatctttttaataggcatcactattgtt
gttgctttagctgtctatctatttagatttgtttgggtttatgtcttatatccttatttttatttagcca
tcagtccattccaaaaaatgatgactaaaaatgatgatgataatccaacgactgagaaaccaccaaagcg
aagtttatacgctttaattatgacgttatgtggtgtgcatggaacaatttctttagcaatcgcattaacg
ttaccgtattttttagcagggcatcatgcttttacgtatagaaacgacttattatttattgcatctggta
tggttattattagtttggtagttgcgcaagtattattgccattattaacgaaacctgcacctaaaacagt
aattggcaatatgtcgtttaaagttgctagaatttatatattagaacaagttattgattatctaaatcaa
aaatctactttcgaaacaagttttaaatatggtaacgtgattaaagaatatcatgataaattagcatttt
taaaaactgtagagaaagatgatgaaaactctaaagaattagaacgtctacaaaaaattgcttttaatgt
agaaacaaaaacattagagtctttagtagatgaaggacaaataacgaatagtgtacttgaaaactatatg
cgttatgctgaaagaacacaggtatatagacaagcatcattaataagaagaatgattgtattattacgag
gtgctttattaaaacgaagagtacaaacgagagtgaactccgcatcttcacttagtgttacggataactt
aatggaattaaataaaattaataaattagtccattataatgtggttagtcgtttgtctaaggaaacaaca
aaagataatacacttgaagttggaatggtttgtgacggttatttaatgcgaattgaaaacttaacaccat
caaatttcttcaactcagcaagtgaagatacgattactaaaattaaattaaatgcattgagagaacaacg
tcgcattttacgtgagttgattgatacagatgaagtatcagaaggtacagcgttaaaactaagagaagcc
atcaattatgatgaaatggttattgtagatagtatgacgtag
>Potential gene 64:61600..62529, 930 bp
atgaaaaaattagtacctttattattagccttattacttctagttgctgcatgtggtactggtggtaaac
aaagcagtgataagtcaaatggcaaattaaaagtagtaacgacgaattcaattttatatgatatggctaa
aaatgttggtggagacaacgtcgatattcatagtattgtacctgttggtcaagatcctcatgaatatgaa
gttaaacctaaagatattaaaaagttaactgacgctgacgttattttatacaacggattaaatttagaga
ctggtaacggttggtttgaaaaagccttagaacaggctggtaaatcattaaaagataaaaaagttatcgc
agtatcaaaagatgttaaacctatctatttaaacggtgaagaaggcaacaaagataaacaagatccacac
gcatggttaagtttagataacggtattaaatacgtaaaaacaattcaacaaacatttatcgataacgaca
aaaaacataaagcagattatgaaaagcaaggtaacaaatacattgctcaattggaaaaattaaataatga
cagtaaagacaaatttaatgacattccaaaagaacaacgtgccatgattacaagtgaaggtgccttcaag
tacttctcaaaacaatacggtattacaccaggttatatttgggaaattaacactgaaaaacaaggtacac
ctgaacaaatgagacaagctattgagtttgttaaaaagcacaaattaaaacacttattagtagaaacaag
tgttgataagaaagcaatggaaagtttatctgaagaaacgaagaaagatatctttggtgaagtgtacaca
gattcaatcggtaaagaaggcactaaaggtgactcttactacaaaatgatgaaatcaaatattgaaactg
tacacggaagcatgaaataa
>Potential gene 65:62517..63362, 846 bp
atgttagagtttgtcgaacatttatttacatatcaattcttgaatcgagcattgataacttcaattattg
tagggatagtttgtggtacagttggtagtttaattgtattacgtggtctttcattaatgggagatgcaat
gagtcacgcagtattacctggtgttgccctatcattcttatttggtattccaatgtttgtaggcgcactt
ataactggtatgatcgcaagtatttttatcggttatatcacatctagtagtaaaacgaaacctgacgccg
ctattggaattagttttaccgctttcttagcttcagggattattattattagcttaataaacactacgac
agatttgtaccatattctgtttggtaatttactggcaatcacaaatagtgcatttttaacaactattgtg
attggttcaatcgtccttattctaatcattattttctatcgtccattaatgatttctacattcgatccaa
cgtttagtagaatgagtggtctaaatacgacgttattacattactttgtgatgttgttactctcattagt
aacagtagcaagtattcaaacggtaggtattattcttgtagttgcattattaattacacctgcatctaca
gcatttttaattagtaaaaaactatactcaatgatgattatagcaagtttaataagtgtcataagttcaa
ttgtcggactttattacagctatatttacaacattcctagtggtgcgacaatcgtactttgtacgtttgt
aatttatatcatcacattatttttcacaaaatttacgaatagaaagaaacgaggaagtttaacatgaaaa
aattag
>Potential gene 66:63356..64000, 645 bp
atgggcccgaatggtgctggtaaatcttcccttatcaagtctttaattggtgaatttaatgctaccggta
ctaaattgttatataacaaacctatacaacaacaactgcaacatattacatatattccacaaaaagcaca
tattgatttagattttcctataagtgtggaacaagtgattttatcaggttgctacaaagaaattggatgg
tttagacgacctaataaatcagcaagggataaactcaaacagttattaagcgatttagaattagaatctt
tacgtcatcgacaaatttcagaattaagtggtggacaattacaacgtgtgctagtagcaagagcattgat
gtccgaaagtgaagtttattttctagatgagccgtttgtcggaattgattttagtagcgaaaaattaatc
atgacaaaaatcgagaacttaaaacaacaaggaaaacttattcttatcatccaccatgatctatcaaaag
caaagcaatactttgatcgcattattctattaaatcaaacattacgatactttggtgatagtgaagaggc
tatgagtgtcactcgcttaaacgaaacatttatgagtagcactgactgtagtgaccctagtcaaaggagc
aatataacatgttag
>Potential gene 67:64206..64865, 660 bp
atgtgaggtgaaagtatgttaactgaagaaaaagaggactatttaaaggcaatccttacgaataatggcg
ataaaaactttgtgacaaataaaatcttatctcaatttttaaatattaagcctccatctgtaagtgaaat
ggtaggacgtcttgaaaaagcaggctatgttgaaacaaaaccatacaaaggtgttagattaacagaggat
ggtttaacgcatacgcttgatatcattaagagacatcgactattagaattatttttaatagaaatattga
aatataattgggaagaagtacatcaagaagcagaaattttagaacatcgaatttcagatttatttgttga
aaggctggatagcctgttaaatttcccagaaacttgcccgcacggcggtgtgattcctagaaataatgaa
tataaagagaaatatataacaacgattttgaattatgaacctggtgatatcgttacaatcaaacgtgtga
gagataagaccgatttgctaatatatttgtctagtaaagatatttctattggtaatgaagtggaaattgt
atcgaaagatgaaatgaataaagtaattatcattaaacgtaatgataatgtaattattgtcagttacgaa
aatgcaatgaacatgtttgctgaaaaataa
>Potential gene 68:64945..65709, 765 bp
atgaggttaacaatgaattatttatcaaacttttttaatacgacaattcaacttaatatatacattatcg
ttattgttgcagcttgttatattgctattcatcaatatagacataagcctgttttgaactatttagatgt
cattttaaactatatccctgttttaacacatgaatttggtcatgtactgtttaataaactcgctggtggc
cgtgcaaaagatttagtcattgtaacaagtccacgagagcgacaacagacattacaacaaggattcgcaa
ttacacaatctagacatctagcaggccaatggcttacaacgattggtggttattttatgccacctattat
gttattgataggtttagcgtcgagccattatcagatacctagtttctttatatttacctatttattgata
tttatttattttttaattttaacatctagaaaaggctcacccattgttgttataactttaatttctatca
tgttgtattttatattaaaagatgaaaatatagtagaaattcaactacttgtcacaatgagttatcaata
tattttaggtgtattattaggcgaagttctacaatctagttggacgattgctaaattgactttccagcgt
ccgagtccacagtgggatggtagtgcacttaaagaactcagtcatgtacctatcttcatttatagtacaa
tctggattatcttcaatctttatgcagtgaatattttactcaaatatactcacttgataaattaa
>Potential gene 69:65933..66697, 765 bp
atgactgttgaagaaagatccaatacagccaaagttgacattttaggggtcgattttgataatacaacaa
tgttgcaaatggttgaaaatattaaaaccttttttgcaaatcaatcaacgaataatctttttatagtaac
agccaaccctgaaatagtgaattacgcgacgacacatcaagcgtatttagagttaataaatcaagcgagc
tatattgttgctgatgggacaggagtagtcaaagcttcgcatcgtttaaagcaacctctagcgcatcgta
tacctggtattgagttgatggatgaatgtttgaaaattgctcatgtaaatcatcaaaaagtatttttgct
aggggcaactaatgaagttgtagaagcggcacaatatgcattgcaacaaagatatccaaacatatcgttt
gcacatcatcacggttatattgatttagaagatgagacagtagtgaaacgaattaaactgtttaaacctg
attacatatttgtaggtatgggattccctaaacaagaagaatggattatgacacatgaaaaccaatttga
atctacagtgatgatgggcgtaggtggttctcttgaagtatttgctggggctaaaaagagagcgccttat
atctttagaaaattaaacattgaatggatatatagagcattaatagattggaaacgtattggtagattaa
agagtattccaatatttatgtataaaatagccaaagcaaaaagaaaaataaaaaaggcgaaataa
>Potential gene 70:66758..67552, 795 bp
atgaacgtttcggtaaacattaaaaatgtaacaaaagaatatcgtatttatcgtacaaataaagaacgta
tgaaagatgcgctcattcccaaacataaaaacaaaacatttttcgctttagatgacattagtttaaaagc
atatgaaggtgacgtcatagggcttgttggcatcaatggttccggcaaatcaacgttgagcaatatcatt
ggcggttctttgtcgcctactgttggcaaagtggatcgtaatggtgaagtcagcgttatcgcaattagtg
ctggcttgagtggacaacttacagggattgaaaatatcgaatttaaaatgttatgtatgggctttaagcg
aaaagaaattaaagcgatgacacctaagattattgaatttagtgaacttggtgagtttatttatcaacca
gttaaaaagtattcaagtggtatgcgtgcaaaacttggtttttcaattaatatcacagttaatccagata
tcttagtcattgacgaagctttatctgtaggtgaccaaacttttgcacaaaaatgtttagataaaattta
cgagtttaaagagcaaaacaaaaccatctttttcgttagtcataacttaggacaagtgagacaattttgt
actaagattgcttggattgaaggcggaaagttaaaagattacggtgaacttgatgatgtattacctaaat
atgaagctttccttaacgattttaaaaagaaatccaaagccgaacaaaaagaatttagaaacaaactcga
tgagtcccgcttcgttattaaataa
>Potential gene 71:67899..68711, 813 bp
atgtcagcaataggaacagtttttaaagaacatgtaaagaacttttatttaattcaaagactggctcagt
ttcaagttaaaattatcaatcatagtaactatttaggtgtggcttgggaattaattaaccctgttatgca
aattatggtttactggatggtttttggattaggaataagaagtaatgcaccaattcatggtgtacctttt
gtttattggttattggttggtatcagtatgtggttcttcatcaaccaaggtattttagaaggtactaaag
caattacacaaaagtttaatcaagtatcgaaaatgaacttcccgttatcgataataccgacatatattgt
gacaagtagattttatggacatttaggcttacttttacttgtgataattgcatgtatgtttactggtatt
tatccatcaatacatatcattcaattattgatatatgtaccgttttgttttttcttaactgcctcggtga
cgttattaacatcaacactcggtgtgttagttagagatacacaaatgttaatgcaagcaatattaagaat
attattttacttttcaccaattttgtggctaccaaagaaccatggtatcagtggtttaattcatgaaatg
atgaaatataatccagtttactttattgctgaatcataccgtgcagcaattttatatcacgaatggtatt
tcatggatcattggaaattaatgttatacaatttcggtattgttgccattttctttgcaattggtgcgta
cttacacatgaaatatagagatcaatttgcagacttcttgtaa
>Potential gene 72:68810..69925, 1116 bp
atgaacgttttaataaagaaattttatcatttggtagttcgaatactttctaaaatgattacgcctcaag
tgattgataaaccgcatatcgtatttatgatgacttttccagaagatattaagcctatcatcaaagcatt
aaataattcgtcgtatcagaaaactgttttaacaacaccaaaacaagcgccttatttatctgaacttagc
gacgatgttgatgtgatagaaatgactaatcgaacattggtaaaacaaattaaggctttgaaaagcgcgc
agatgattattatcgataattattacctattactaggtggatataataagacttctaatcaacacattgt
tcaaacgtggcatgcaagtggtgcattaaaaaactttggcttaacagatcatcaagtcgatgtgtctgac
aaggcaatggttcagcagtaccgtaaagtttatcaagcgacggatttttacttagtgggttgtgaacaaa
tgtcacaatgttttaaacagtctttaggtgcaacagaagagcaaatgctgtattttgggcttccgagaat
taataaatattacacagctgatagagcaacggttaaggcagagttaaaggataaatatggaattacaaat
aagttggtattatatgtaccaacatatagagaagataaagcagataatagggctattgataaagcttatt
ttgaaaaatgtttaccaggatatacactgattaataaattacatccatcaattgaagattcagacattga
tgacgtatcttcaatcgacacgtctacattaatgctaatgtcagatataattattagcgactatagttcg
ctgccaatagaagctagcttgttagatattccaactatattttatgtgtatgatgaaggaacatatgatc
aggtgagaggcctgaatcaattttacaaagcaataccggatagctacaaagtgtatactgaagaagattt
aataatgacgatacaagaaaaagaacatctattaagtccgttatttaaagattggcataagtataatact
gataaaagtttacatcagctcacagaatatatagataagatggtgacaaaatgaggtttacgataa
>Potential gene 73:69910..70971, 1062 bp
atgaggtttacgataatcatacctacatgtaataatgaggcaacaattcgacaattgttaatatctattg
agagtaaagaacactatagaatcctttgtattgatggtggttctactgatcaaacaattcctatgattga
acggttacaaagagaactcaagcatatttcattaatacaattacaaaatgcttcgatagctacgtgtatt
aataaaggtttgatggatatcaaaatgacagatccacatgatagtgacgcatttatggtcataaaaccaa
catcaatcgtattgccaggtaaattagataggttaactgctgctttcaaaaataatgataatattgatat
ggtaatagggcagcgagcttacaattaccatggtgaatggaaattgaaaagtgctgatgagtttattaaa
gacaatcgaatcgttacattaacggaacaaccagatttgttatcaatgatgtcttttgacggaaagttat
tcagtgctaaatttgctgaattacagtgtgacgaaactttagctaacacatacaatcacgcaatacttgt
caaggcgatgcaaaaagctacggatatacatttagtttcacagatgattgtcggagataacgatatagat
acacatgctacaagtaacgaagaagattttaatagatatatcacagaaattatgaaaataagacaacgag
tcatggaaatgttactattacctgaacaaaggctattatatagtgatatggttgatcgtattttattcaa
taattcattaaaatattatatgaacgaacacccagcagtaacgcacacgacaattcaactcgtaaaagac
tatattatgtctatgcagcattctgattatgtatcgcaaaacatgtttgacattataaatacagttgaat
ttattggtgagaattgggatagagaaatatacgaattgtggcgacaaacattaattcaagtgggcattaa
taggccgacttataaaaaattcttgatacaacttaaagggagaaagtttgcacatcgaacaaaatcaatg
ttaaaacgataa
>Potential gene 74:70983..71432, 450 bp
atgaccataaactgcaatcctatgatgtgacaatatgaggaggataacttaatgaaacgtgtaataacat
atggcacatatgacttacttcactatggtcatatcgaattgcttcgtcgtgcaagagagatgggcgatta
tttaatagtagcattatcaacagatgaatttaatcaaattaaacataaaaaatcttattatgattatgaa
caacgaaaaatgatgcttgaatcaatacgctatgtcgatttagtcattccagaaaagggctggggacaaa
aagaagacgatgtcgaaaaatttgatgtagatgtttttgttatgggacatgactgggaaggtgaattcga
cttcttaaaggataaatgtgaagtcatttatttaaaacgtacagaaggcatttcgacgactaaaatcaaa
caagaattatatggtaaagatgctaaataa
>Potential gene 75:71549..72844, 1296 bp
atgaaaaatttaatatctattatcatcattttatgtttaacattaagtattatgacaccatatgcacaag
ctactaacagtgacgtaacccctgtacaagcagcaaatcaatatggttatgcaggtttgtcggctgcata
cgaaccgacgagtgctgttaatgtaagtcaaactggacaattactgtatcaatacaatatcgatactaag
tggaatccagcgtctatgactaaattaatgacaatgtacttaacattggaagctgtaaataaggggcagc
tttcacttgatgacacagtcacaatgacgaacaaagaatatattatgtctacactacctgagttgagtaa
tacgaaactatatcctggacaagtatggacaatcgcagacctattacaaattacagtatctaattctagt
aatgccgcggcattaattttagctaagaaggtttcaaaaaacaccagcgatttcgttgatttaatgaata
acaaagctaaagctatcggaatgaaaaatacacatttcgtcaatccaacgggtgctgaaaattcaagatt
acgtacatttgcaccaacaaagtataaagaccaagaacgtactgtaacgactgctagagactatgccatt
ttagatttacacgtgattaaagagacacctaaaatattagactttacaaagcagttagcaccaacaacgc
atgcagttacgtattacacattcaacttttcattggaaggtgcaaaaatgagtttgccgggtacagatgg
tttaaaaactggatcaagtgatacagcaaattacaaccatacgattactaccaaacgaggtaaatttaga
attaatcaagttatcatgggtgcaggagactataaaaaccttggtggcgagaagcaacgtaatatgatgg
ggaatgcattaatggaacgctcatttgatcagtataaatatgtaaaaatattgtctaaaggtgagcaaag
gataaatggtaagaaatattatgttgaaaatgatctttacgatgttttaccaagtgattttagtaaaaaa
gattataaacttgtagtcgaagatggtaaagtacacgcggactatccaagagaatttattaataaagatt
atggacctccaactgtagaagttcatcagccaattattcaaaaggcaaatactgttgctaaaagtatgtg
ggaagaacatccattattcactatcattggtggtacatgccttgtcgctggattagcacttattgttcat
atgataatcaatcgtttatttagaaaaagaaaataa
