
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:2000..2596, 597 bp
atgcattatccagaacctatatcaaaacttattgatagctttatgaaattgccaggcattggtccaaaga
cagcccaacgtctggcttttcataccttagatatgaaagaagacgatgttgttcagtttgccaaagcatt
agtagatgttaagagagaattaacatattgtagcgtatgtggtcacattactgaaaatgatccatgttat
atttgtgaagataagcaaagagatcgttcagttatttgtgttgtggaagatgacaaagatgtcatagcta
tggaaaaaatgagagaatacaaaggtttatatcacgttttacatgggtctatttcgcctatggatggcat
tggaccagaagatattaatattccttcattgattgaacgcttgaaaaacgatgaagttagcgaattaatc
ttagctatgaacccgaacttagagggggaatctacagccatgtatatttctagattagttaagcctatag
gtatcaaagtgacgagattagcacaagggttatcggtaggtggcgatttagagtatgctgacgaagtaac
attatctaaagcaatcgcaggtagaacagaaatgtaa
>Potential gene 2:2597..2986, 390 bp
atgtataatgaaagaaacatcattttattgataaatatttattgattttcaaggaggaaatggaatatgc
gcggtggcggaaacatgcaacaaatgatgaaacaaatgcaaaaaatgcaaaagaaaatggctcaagaaca
agaaaaacttaaagaagagcgtattgtaggaacagctggcggtggcatggttgcagttactgtaactggt
cataaagaagttgtcgacgttgaaatcaaagaagaagctgtagacccagacgatattgaaatgctacaag
acttagtgttagcagctactaatgaagcgatgaataaagctgatgagcttactcaagaacgtttaggtaa
acatactcaaggcttaaacatccctggaatgtgatcatag
>Potential gene 3:2953..4683, 1731 bp
atgtacagaccccaaagtttcgaggatgtcgtcggacaagaacatgtcacgaagacattgcgcaatgcga
tttcgaaagaaaaacagtcgcatgcttatatttttagtggtccgagaggtacggggaaaacgagtattgc
caaagtgtttgctaaagcaatcaactgtctaaatagcactgatggagaaccttgtaatgaatgtcatatt
tgtaaaggcattacgcaggggactaattcagatgtgatagaaattgatgctgctagtaataatggggttg
atgaaataagaaatattagagacaaagttaaatatgcaccaagtgaatcgaaatataaagtttatattat
agatgaggtgcacatgctaacaacaggtgcttttaatgcccttttaaagacgttagaagaacctccagca
cacgctatttttatattggcaacgacagaaccacataaaatccctccaacaatcatttctagggcacaac
gttttgattttaaagcaattagcctagatcaaattgttgaacgtttaaaatttgtagcagatgcacaaca
aattgaatgtgaagatgaagccttggcatttatcgctaaagcgtctgaagggggtatgcgtgatgcatta
agtattatggatcaggctattgcatttggtgatggtacgttaacattgcaagatgcgttgaatgtcacag
gtagcgtacatgatgaagcgttggatcacttgtttgatgatattgtacaaggtgacgtacaagcatcttt
taaaaaataccatcagtttataacagaaggtaaagaagtgaatcgcctaataaatgatatgatttatttt
gtcagagatacgattatgaataaaacatctgagaaagatactgagtatcgagcactgatgaacttagaat
tagatatgttatatcaaatgattgatcttattaatgatacattagtgtcgattcgttttagtgtgaatca
aaacgttcattttgaagtgttgttagtaaaattagctgagcagattaagggtcaaccacaagtgattgcg
aatgtagctgaaccagcacaaattgcttcatcgccaaacacagatgtattgttgcaacgtatggaacagt
tagagcaagaactaaaaacactaaaagcacaaggagtgagtgtcgctcctgttcaaaaatcttcgaaaaa
tcctgcgagaggcatacaaaaatctaaaaatgcattttcaatgcaacaaattgcaaaagtgctagataaa
gcgaataaggcagatatcaaattgttgaaagatcattggcaagaagtgattgatcatgccaaaaataatg
ataaaaaatcactcgttagtttattgcaaaattcggaacctgtggcggcaagtgaagatcacgtacttgt
gaaatttgaggaagagatccattgtgaaatcgtcaataaagacgacgagaaacgtagtagtatagaaagt
gttgtatgtaatatcgttaataaaaacgttaaagttgttggtgtaccatcagatcaatggcaaagagttc
gaacggaatatttacaaaatcgtaaaaacgaaggcgatgatatgccaaagcaacaagcacaacaaacaga
tattgctcaaaaagcaaaagatcttttcggtgaagaaactgtacatgtgatagatgaagagtgatacatg
acaagcgatataatcgtatgtataatgaaagaaacatcattttattgataa
>Potential gene 4:4776..5390, 615 bp
atgatggtgaaatgagggggagtatcttacaatagaattattaatgagatacgttatgattattgacaat
caaatgcctacggaggacatatgcaaatatatttaagtactttaacagagttagattatgataaatcttt
aaatagtattgaagaaagttttgatgataatcctgaaacgagttggcaagcacgtgcgaaagtaaaacat
ttaagaaaatctccttgctataattttgaattagaagtaatagcgaaaaatgaaaataacgatgtcgttg
gacacgttttattaattgaagtagaaattaatagtgatgataagacgtattatggtttggcgattgcctc
tttatcagttcatcctgaattacgtggacaaaaattaggtcgtggcttggttcaagcagtagaagagcgt
gccaaagcacaagagtatagtacggttgttgtagaccattgttttgactactttgaaaagttgggttatc
aaaatgctgctgagcatgacattaaattagaatctggtgatgcaccgttacttgtaaaatatttatggga
taatttgacggatgcaccacacggaatcgtaaaatttccagaacatttttattaa
>Potential gene 5:5285..5623, 339 bp
atgcttaggtgcacggttttttattttttaaatattaaaccgattattaagagttgaaaatatataatta
tagaagctactttcttgaagacaattcagcgtattatacgtggaacatgtttgtgggaagtagctttttt
atatgtgaagtttgattcaagtgaactcgatgtgcagtttgaatgatttttgtgtcaatgaaaagtaaga
agttataatttgatgataaagaaatgatggtgaaatgagggggagtatcttacaatagaattattaatga
gatacgttatgattattgacaatcaaatgcctacggaggacatatgcaaatatatttaa
>Potential gene 6:5939..6667, 729 bp
atggcgaaacaaaaaaagtttatgaagatttatgaggcgttgaaagaagatatattaaacgggcagattc
aatatggtgaacaaattccgtctgaacatgatttggtgcaattgtaccagtcatctcgagagaccgtgcg
taaggcattagatttgttggcattagacggcatgattcaaaagattcatggtaaagggtcacttgtcatt
tatcaggaggttacagagtttccattttctgaacttgttagttttaaagaaatgcaagaagaaatgggcg
tcgcatatttaactgaagttgttgtgaatgaggttgttgaagcgcatgaagttccagaagttcaacatgc
tttaaacatcaattctagtgaatcactcattcatattgttagaactcgtcggcttaaccaacatgtgaag
attgttgatgaagattattttctaaagtcgattgtttcagatataggtaatgatgttgcgagtgattcta
tttatgattatttggaaaaggtattaaatcttaatattagttattcaagtaagtctattacttttgaacc
gtttgatgaacaagcatatcaattgtttggtgatgtatcggtggcttattcagcaacagttcgaagtatt
gtgtatttagaaaatacaatgccgtttcaatataatatttcaaaacatcttgcaaatgaatttaaattta
atgacttctcaagacgtcgtataaagtaa
>Potential gene 7:6692..8158, 1467 bp
atgaatgataatggctatgatatcagcaattatttagaaatcaatgaagactttggaacgatggatgatt
ttgaaaagttaatcaaagttgcgcatcaaaaagacttgaaagtgatgttagatattgtcattaatcatac
gtcgacggagcatgaatggtttaaagaagcccgtaaatctaaagataacccttatagagattattacttt
ttcagatcatctgaagacgggccgccaacaaattggtattctaaattcggtggtaatgcatggaagtatg
attctgagacagatgaatattatttacatttatttgatgtcagtcaagctgatttaaattgggataatcc
ggaagtacgtcaatcgttatatcgcatagtcaatcattggatagacttcggcgttgatggttttcgattt
gatgtcattaacttaatttctaaaggtgaatttaaggactctgacaaaataggtaaagaattttatacgg
atggtcctagagtgcatgagtttctgcatgaattaaatcgtcaaacgtttggtaacactgacatgatgac
tataggagaaatgtcttcgacgacgattgaaaattgtattaagtatacacaaccagaacgccaagaattg
aatagtgtttttaattttcatcatctaaaggttgattatgttgatggtgaaaagtggacaaatgcgaagc
ttgattttcataagttaaaggaaattctgatgcaatggcaacgaggtatttatgacggtggcggatggaa
cgcgattttctggtgtaatcatgatcagccacgggtagtgtctagatttggtgatgatacgtcggaagag
atgaggatacaaagtgctaaaatgttagctatcgcactgcatatgttgcaagggacgccatatatttacc
aaggtgaagaaattggtatgacggacccacattttacatcaatagcacaatatcgtgatgttgaatcgat
taatgcctaccatcagttgttaagtgaagggcatgctgaagcggatgtgttagcgattttaggacagaag
tcacgagacaattcgagaacgcctatgcaatggagtgatgatgttaatgctggatttacagctggtaagc
cttggattgatatttcggaaaattatcatcaggtcaacgttagacaagcacttcagaataaagagtctat
tttctatacgtatcaaaaattaatacaattaagacatacgcatgatattattacgtatggagacattgtg
ccacgttttatggatcatgatcatttatttgtttatgaacgtcattataagaatcaacaatggctagtaa
ttgcgaatttctcagcatcggctgttgatttgccagaaggattggctagagaaggttgtgttgtgattca
aacaggcacagtggaaaataatacgataagcgggtttggtgcaattgtaatcgaaacaaacgcgtaa
>Potential gene 8:8396..9823, 1428 bp
atggctgtaaaaagagaagatgtaaaagccatcgtaaccgctattgggggaaaagaaaatcttgaagctg
caacgcattgtgtaacacgattacgtttagtgctgaaggatgaaagtaaagttgataaagacgcattaag
taataacgcgttggtcaaggggcagtttaaagcagaccatcaatatcaaattgtcattggtccaggaaca
gtcgatgaagtgtataagcagtttattgatgaaacaggtgctcaagaagcttcgaaagatgaagcgaaac
aagcagctgcacaaaaagggaatccagtacaacgtttgatcaaattgttgggggatatttttataccaat
attacctgcgattgtgacagctggtttgttaatgggaatcaataatttacttacaatgaaaggtttattt
ggtccaaaagcacttattgagatgtatccacaaattgctgatatttcaaacatcattaatgtgattgcga
gtacggcatttattttcttaccagcattaattggttggagtagtatgcgtgtatttggtggtagtccgat
tctaggcatagtcttaggtttgattttaatgcatccgcaattagtatctcagtatgatttggcaaaaggg
aatattccgacgtggaacttatttggcttagagattaagcagttgaattaccaaggtcaagtgttgccag
ttttaattgcagcttacgttctagctaaaattgaaaaaggattaaataaagtcgttcacgattcgataaa
aatgttggtcgttggacccgtagcgcttttagttactggatttttagcatttattatcattggaccagtt
gcgttattgattggtacaggtattacatctggtgttacatttatattccaacatgcaggatggcttggcg
gagcaatatatggattgttatatgcaccacttgtaattacaggactacaccatatgtttttagcagtaga
tttccaattgatgggtagcagcttaggcggtacgtatttatggccaattgttgcgatttccaatatttgt
cagggctctgcagcatttggagcatggtttgtctataaacgtcgtaaaatggttaaagaagaaggcttgg
cattaacatcttgtatttctggtatgttaggtgttactgaaccagccatgttcggtgtgaacttacctct
gaaatatccatttatcgctgcgatatcaacgtcttgtgtattgggggcaatcgttggtatgaataacgta
cttggaaaagttggtgttggtggcgtgccagcattcatttcaattcaaaaagaattttggccagtatatc
ttattgtgacagctattgctattgttgtaccatgtatactaacaattgtgatgtctcattttagtaaaca
aaaagcgaaagaaattgttgaagattaa
>Potential gene 9:10139..10333, 195 bp
atgtatattgcacaagccaaatgcccttccaatctcaatgccttatcatttctattatcaaaaattacga
gccattcaaagacaaataaaaaaggtaaatactcaaaatttgagcacttaccttcattatatatagaatt
taatataaatattgatggcggaggaagagggattcgaacccccgcgagccgttaa
>Potential gene 10:10293..10502, 210 bp
atggcggaggaagagggattcgaacccccgcgagccgttaagcccctgtcggttttcaagaccgatccct
tcagccggacttgggtattcctcctaaacacaatatttatcatatatgaacgttctgtaaaagtcaatat
tgtttttaagcattacatgattaccacaaatcattgtcttccactacagttgacctataaacgaatgtaa

>Potential gene 11:10655..12118, 1464 bp
atgggtgaatttaaaggatttatgaagtatgacaaacagtacttaggtgaattatcactggtagaccgtt
tgaagcatcataaagcatatcaacaacgatttactaaagaagatgcctctatccaaggtgcacgatgtat
ggattgtggaacgccgttttgtcaaaccggacaacagtatggtagggaaacaataggttgtccaattgga
aactacattcctgaatggaacgacttagtgtatcatcaagattttaaaactgcttatgaacgcttaagcg
aaacaaataactttcctgactttacagggcgtgtatgtcctgcaccatgcgaaagtgcttgtgtgatgaa
gattaatagagaatcgattgcgattaaaggtattgaacgcacaattattgatgaagcttttgaaaatggt
tgggtagcgccgaaagttccgagtcgccgtagagatgaaaaagtggcaatcgttggaagcggtccagcag
gattagctgctgctgaagaacttaatctactaggatatcaagtaactatttatgaacgtgctagagaatc
aggcggtttattaatgtgtggtattccgaatatgaaacttgataaagatgtggttcgacgtcgtattaag
ttaatggaagaagcgggcattactttcattaatggtgttgaagtcggcgttgatattgataaagcaacgt
tagaatctgagtatgatgccattatattatgtactggtgcacaaaaaggtagagatttacctttagaagg
acgcatgggtgatggtatacatttcgctatggattatttaactgaacaaacgcagttgttaaatggagaa
attgatgatataacaataactgcaaaagataagaatgtcattatcattggtgctggtgatacaggggcag
actgtgtagcgacagcattaagagaaaattgtaaatcgattgttcaatttaataaatatacgaaattgcc
agaagcaattacatttacagaaaatgcatcatggcctttagcaatgccggtgtttaaaatggactatgcg
caccaagagtacgaagctaagtttggtaaggaaccacgtgcatatggtgttcaaacaatgcgttacgatg
ttgacgataaaggacacatacgtggtttgtatactcaaattttagagcaaggcgaaaatggtatggtcat
gaaagaaggacctgaaagattttggcctgctgaccttgtattattatcaatcggcttcgaaggtacagaa
ccaacagtaccgaatgcttttaacattaaaacggatagaaatcgaatcgtggcggatgatacaaactatc
aaactaataatgaaaaggtatttgctgctggagatgctagacgtggtcaaagtttagttgtatgggcaat
taaagaaggtagaggcgtagcgaaagcagtagatcagtatttagctagtaaagtttgtgtataa
>Potential gene 12:12136..16638, 4503 bp
atgcacaatgagaaattaattaaaggcttatatgactatcgtgaggaacatgatgcgtgtggtattggtt
tttatgcgaatatggataataaaaggtctcacgacatcattgataaatcgcttgaaatgttgcgacgctt
agatcacaggggcggggtcggcgcagatggcatcactggtgatggcgcaggtattatgactgaaatacct
tttgcatttttcaaacaacatgtaacggactttgatatcccaggtgaaggtgaatatgccgtggggttat
ttttttccaaagaacgcattttaggttctgaacatgaagtagtttttaaaaaatattttgaaggcgaagg
gttatcaattcttggttatcgtaatgtaccagttaataaagatgccattgctaaacatgtagcagatacg
atgccagtcattcaacaagtgtttattgatattagggacattgaagatgttgaaaagcgtttgtttttag
cgagaaaacaattagagttctattcgactcagtgcgatttagaattgtattttacgagcttatcacgcaa
aacaattgtatataaaggttggttacgatcagaccaaattaaaaaactatatacagatttatcggatgat
ttatatcaatcaaagctagggttagtgcattcgagatttagtacgaatacattcccgagttggaaaaggg
cacatcctaaccgtatgttaatgcataatggtgagattaacacgattaaaggtaatgtaaactggatgcg
agcacgccaacataaattaatcgaaacattatttggcgaggatcaacataaagtgtttcaaattgtcgat
gaggatggtagtgactctgccattgtagataatgcgctagagttcttatcgttagccatggagccagaaa
aggcagcgatgttactcatacctgaaccttggttatataatgaagcgaatgatgcaaatgtacgtgcgtt
ttatgaattttatagttatttaatggaaccgtgggatggtcctacaatgatttcgttctgtaacggtgac
aaacttggcgcgcttacagatagaaatggattacgtccaggtcgttatacgattactaaagataacttta
ttgtcttttcatctgaagtgggtgttgtggacgtacctgaaagtaatgttgcttttaaaggtcaattgaa
tcctggaaagttattgcttgttgattttaaacagaataaagtcattgaaaataatgatttaaaaggtgcg
attgctggagaattaccatataaagcgtggattgataaccataaagttgactttgattttgaaaatatac
aatatcaagattcgcaatggaaagatgagacgttatttaaattacaacgtcagtttgcatacacgaaaga
agagattcataagtatattcaggaacttgtagaaggtaagaaggatcctatcggtgcaatgggatatgat
gcgccaattgcagtgttgaacgagcgaccagaatcactatttaattactttaaacagctgtttgcacaag
ttacgaatccaccaattgatgcgtatcgtgaaaaaatcgtaacgagtgaactttcttatttaggtggcga
aggtaacttactagcacctgacgaaacggttttagatcgtattcaattgaaaaggccggtattgaatgaa
tcacacttagcagcgattgatcaggaacattttaaattaacttatttatcaacggtatatgaaggggatt
tggaagatgcgttagaagcattaggccgagaagcagtgaatgctgtaaagcaaggcgctcaaattctagt
gttagatgatagtggattagttgatagcaatggctttgcaatgccgatgttactcgcaataagtcatgtg
catcaattacttattaaagcagatttacgtatgtctacaagtttagtcgctaaatctggtgagacacgag
aagtgcatcatgttgcttgtttactcgcatatggcgcgaatgcaattgtgccatacctagcgcaacgtac
agttgaacaactgacattgacagaagggttacaaggcaccgttgtcgataatgttaagacatatacggat
gtattgtcagaaggtgtcattaaagtaatggctaagatgggaatttcgacagtgcaaagttatcaagggg
cacaaatatttgaagcgattggcttgtctcatgatgtgattgatcgttattttactgggacacagtctaa
gttatctggtatttcgattgatcaaattgatgctgaaaataaagcacgtcaacaaagtgatgataattat
cttgcatcaggtagtacattccaatggagacaacaaggtcaacatcatgcttttaatccggaatctattt
tcttattgcagcacgcatgtaaagaaaatgactatgcgcaatttaaagcatactctgaagcggtgaacaa
aaatagaacagatcacattagacatttacttgaatttaaagcatgtacaccgattgacatcgaccaagtt
gaaccggtaagtgacattgtcaaacgctttaatacaggggcgatgagttatggatcgatttcagcggaag
cacatgaaacgttagcacaagccatgaaccaattaggtggaaagagtaatagtggtgaaggtggcgaaga
tgcaaaacgttatgaagtacaagttgatggaagcaacaaagtaagtgcgattaaacaagttgcttctggg
cgttttggtgtaactagtgattatttacaacatgccaaagaaattcaaattaaagttgcgcaaggtgcaa
agcctggtgaaggtggtcaattacctggtactaaggtatatccgtggattgcgaagacaagagggtcaac
gccaggtatcggtctgatttcaccaccgccacatcatgatatttattcaatagaagatttagcgcaactg
atacatgatttgaaaaatgcgaataaagatgcagatatcgcggtaaaattagtttcgaaaacaggtgttg
gtagtaccattgcatctggggtggcaaaagcatttgcagataaaattgtcatcagtggttacgatggtgg
tacaggggcttcacccaaaacgagtattcagcatgccggtgttccttgggagattggtttagcagaaaca
catcaaacattaaaactaaatgacttaagaagtcgtgttaagttagaaacagacggtaagttattaactg
gtaaagatgtagcgtacgcatgtgcgcttggagcggaagaatttggatttgcaactgcaccattagtggt
gttgggctgtattatgatgcgtgtatgccataaagatacatgtccagtaggagttgcaactcaaaacaaa
gatttacgtgctttatatagaggtaaagcacatcatgttgttaattttatgcattttattgcacaagaat
taagagaaattttagcatctttaggtttgaaacgtgtagaagacttagttggaagaactgatttattaca
acgatcatcaacattaaaagcgaatagcaaagcggctagtattgatgttgaaaaactgttatgtcctttc
gatgggccaaacacaaaagaaattcaacaaaatcataatcttgagcatggatttgatttaacaaatttat
atgaagtaacgaagccatatattgctgaagggcgtcgctatacaggtagctttacagtaaataatgaaca
acgtgatgtaggggttattacaggtagtgagatttcgaaacaatatggagaagcaggacttcctgaaaat
acaattaatgtttatacgaatggtcatgctggtcaaagtcttgcagcatatgcaccgaaaggcttaatga
ttcatcatactggagatgcgaatgactatgttggtaaaggattatctggtggtacggtcattgtcaaagc
accttttgaagaacgacaaaatgaaattattgctggtaacgtctcattctatggtgcgacaagtggtaag
gcatttattaacggtagtgcaggagaaagattctgtattagaaatagtggtgtagatgttgtcgttgaag
gtatcggcgaccatggattagagtatatgactggtggacatgtcattaatttaggtgatgtaggtaagaa
cttcggtcaaggtatgagtggtggtattgcttacgttatcccgtctgatgtagaagcttttgttgaaaat
aatcaactagatacgctttcgtttacaaagattaaacaccaagaagaaaaagcattcattaagcaaatgc
tggaagaacatgtgtcacacacgaatagtacgagagcgattcatgtgttaaaacattttgatcgcattga
agatgtcgtcgttaaagttattcctaaagattatcaattaatgatgcaaaaaattcatttgcacaaatca
ttacatgacaatgaagatgaagcgatgttagctgcattttacgatgacagtaaaacaatcgatgctaaac
ataaaccagccgttgtgtattaa
>Potential gene 13:16819..17703, 885 bp
atggaaattaaacaattaagatattttatcgaggtcgctaaaagagaacatatctccgaaacagcacttg
aactaaacattgctcaatcagcgataagccgtcaaattacattattagaacaagaacttaatgtgtcttt
atttaaaaagcaaggacgcaatattacgctcacatctgaagggaaattattatttaatgaagctctgcgt
attattgaacatttagatagcacgattgaacaatttcaaagccatggattaactaaaaataaaagtatct
acattggctatgatgagagtgacgtatcccacatgttactaccacttatccaaacgtttcatttacaaaa
tgatacacatgtcataccgagcttattagaacatgacacaattataaatagcgtattaaatgggaatata
gacattggtttcacggaacttacaccagaaatacgtaaacacaaacaattacatatgctacctttattcg
aagagcactatcatttatatgcgccttcagacgatccaattacgatggcgacacacccaccattaattca
gtttgagcatagtcatatttattgcttggcaccatttgccgaaactgtaaaaaaacaattgcgcaagatt
actaaatcagatgtatacacaatcagtagccaaccacttgcgcagtatctccttcgtcaaaaagaaggtt
acatcatttcatcacaaaatatacatttaccagaatctaaatcatggatagatataaaattagatcatac
tgaattaaaaagaacgatatgtgctattacaaaggagccttatacaaagagtgatattggcatattatta
acacttattcagcaattaatgactaaaacgtctacattccattaa
>Potential gene 14:18358..18981, 624 bp
atgaccattgccatgatctgttcaacaatactcactttattgctcgttacaggctggcatatgcgtacac
tcattaccatagccagtacaattatcggaacttttttgagtataggtttaacagaattaatcatatatat
ggcagatggtaaaggcattaaatatgaaacgatgaactttttatcattaccaccgaaagatatcttccta
gcctcagtgttaataggttcacttggcgctattatggatgttgcaattacaattgctagtggtatgcatg
aaattttacagcgtacgccacacatttcaatgaggagatgggcgcttgctgggcgaaacatcggccaaga
tattatgggaacaatgactaacatcttattattctcatatttatccggtgcactacctatgtttttaatc
tttttaaaaaatgccaatacagtgacttatactatttcgatgaattggtcgttagaaattgcgcgcgcac
taacaggtggtataggtatcgtacttacaattcctatcacaatattgtttatggaaatatttgaaacatt
aaggagggcgaaacaatgaatgctgtatttatattggcgttattgctcctctttctgatgataa
>Potential gene 15:18933..19715, 783 bp
atgaatgctgtatttatattggcgttattgctcctctttctgatgataattttcggaggtaaaaagggat
tcatctcttatttaaccctatttttaaatttcgctattttaattattagtattgtattgattatttttgg
cgtaccgatttatgtcgtcacattctttttctgcattattattggcgcttgtaatttattcgtactcaat
agttacaatgttaaaacacaagctgcatttatcagcactatcgttacaacaatattgttgattacactca
tttatttatcggtctacttcggtcatctacaaggcttttcaaccgaacaacaagatgaaacatatgtgta
ttcaatgaatattggcattgatatggttcaatttatggtgttcactattattcttgctgttattgcagct
gtgatagatttaacaattaccattagttcacccatttatgaattgcatcaagtgaatccaacgcttacgc
aatacgaattattccaatctggcatgcgtgttggtagagaaattttagcgacatctgcgaacacgattta
ccttgccttttttggtggccaacttgctttatttatttggtttttcaaacttaaatattcatttggtcat
attataaactcgaaaatatttgcccaagaatttatttctattattttaggcggtattgccgttgcaatca
gtattccgattacggcttggattacggcatttttaataaaaagaccatctcgacagcgcaaaaatgatga
gtctatcaattaa
>Potential gene 16:19884..20462, 579 bp
atgaaattacggatatacgctggattgataaagataatgatgcgttgattgcgcctgctgtcaaagtttg
gattgaaacttatggtggtaaacatgacaaataatgacaccatcatgttacgacattatgtcccacaaga
ttattcgatgttagaagcttttcaattaagtgaaagtgatttgaagtttgttaaaacgccagaggaaaat
attacagctgcaatgtctgataatgaaaggtatcccatcgttgtaatggatggcaggcaatgtgtggcct
tttttacattacatcgtggaaaaggggtcgcaccatttagcgataaccaagatgcagtatttttcaggtc
atttagtgttgatcaacgttatcgtaatagaggaataggtaaagtggtaatggaaaaattggcgtcattt
atcacttcaacatttcaggatattaatgagattgtgttaacggttaatactgacaatccacatgccatgg
cactttatcgccaacaaggatatcaatatatgggagatagtatgttcgtcggaagacctgttcatattat
ggcgttaactataaaataa
>Potential gene 17:20359..20754, 396 bp
atgattaaatgtgtctgtttagttgaagaaacagctgataaaatattgcttgttcaagtaaggaatcgcg
aaaagtattatttcccgggtggtaaaatagaagaaggggaatcacaagtacacgcgctgttaagagaagt
aaaagaagaattaaatttaacattaacaatggatgaaattgaatatgtcgggacaattgtaggtcctgca
tatccacaacaggatatgttaactgagttaaatggatttcgcgcattaaccaaaatcgattgggaaaacg
taactatcaataatgaaattacggatatacgctggattgataaagataatgatgcgttgattgcgcctgc
tgtcaaagtttggattgaaacttatggtggtaaacatgacaaataa
>Potential gene 18:20903..21172, 270 bp
atggcaaaacgttccaaatcacaacgtttatcaagtttactaaatgtcgcaggtttcatagtcgacggct
acaatggctataaatatcatgctaaaaataaaaaattagtatatctttcattaggtttaagcactgtagg
aaccgtgttagacttttacatttcaattaagtcaccacgtaagttcaaaaaagcagtggcagttgttact
ttaataacaaacggtgctagattatttacaagcattcgcaaagtaaaacatgaatactaa
>Potential gene 19:21357..22016, 660 bp
atgcgacttaatggtttaaataatttctttatttatccaggtcaaaaattaaaagtatcaggtactgcta
gctcaagtaacgctgcgagcaatagtagccgtccatcaacgaactcaggtggcggatcatactatacagt
acaagcaggtgactcattgtcattaattgcatcaaaatatggtacaacttatcaaaaaattatgagctta
aatggcttaaataatttctttatatatccgggtcaaaaattgaaagtaactggtaatgcatctacgaact
caggatctgcaacaacgacaaatagaggttacaatacaccagtattcagtcaccaaaacttatatacatg
gggtcaatgtacatatcatgtatttaatcgtcgtgctgaaattggtaaaggtattagtacttattggtgg
aatgctaataactgggataacgcagcggcagcagatggttacactatcgacaatagacctactgtaggtt
ctatcgctcaaacagatgtaggttactatggtcatgttatgtttgtagaacgtgtaaataacgatggtag
tattttagtttcagaaatgaactattcagctgcaccaggtattttaacttacagaacggtaccagcttac
caagtaaataattatagatatattcactaa
>Potential gene 20:22693..23535, 843 bp
atgaaaagattgattgggttagttatcgtagcacttgtattattagcagcgtgtggtggtaacaatgata
aaaaagtaacaattggtgtcgcatcaaatgacactaaggcttgggagaaggttaaagaattagctaaaaa
agatgatattgatgtggagattaagcacttctcagattacaatttaccgaataaagcattaaatgatggt
gatattgatatgaatgcattccaacattttgcatttttagatcaatataaaaaggcgcataaaggaacaa
agatttcagcattaagtacaacagttttagcaccgttgggcatttactcagataaaattaaagatgtcaa
aaaggttaaagatggtgctaaagttgtcattccaaatgatgtgtcaaaccaagcacgtgcacttaaacta
ttagaagcagctggtttaataaaactgaaaaaagatttcggattagcaggcacggtgaaagatataacgt
caaatccaaaacatttaaaaattactgcagtagatgcacaacaaactgcacgtgctttatctgatgtcga
tattgcagttattaataacggtgtagcaactaaagcgggtaaagatcctaaaaatgatccgatattttta
gaaaaatcaaattcagatgcagtaaagccatatattaatattgttgcagttaatgacaaagacttggata
acaaaacatatgctaaaatcgtagaattgtatcattcaaaagaagctcaaaaagcgttgcaggaagatgt
caaagatggagagaaacctgttaatttatctaaagatgagattaaggcaatagaaacgtcattagcaaaa
taa
>Potential gene 21:23572..24231, 660 bp
atgtttggttctgatttagacagtgcacagttattacaagcattgtacgaaacgctatatatggtatcta
ttgctttatttttaggagcagtgattggtattccattaggtgtcttattggtaattactcgaaaacaagg
catatggcccaatatagtgatacatcaagttttaaatcctttaatcaatattttaaggtcactaccattt
attattttgttaattgcgattgtgccattcacaaaattagtagtaggtacttcaattggtacgactgctg
ccatcgtgcctttaacagtatatgtggcaccttacattgcaagacttgttgaaaactcattattggaagt
agacgaggggattattgaagcggcgaaagcgatgggcgcttcaccactacaaatcattagatatttttta
attcctgaagctttaggttcgttagtattagcaattaccactgcgattattggacttattggaagtacgg
cgatggcaggagctgttggcggtggtggtataggagacttagctttagtgtatggttatcaaagatttga
tacgacggtcattattattaccgttattgtattagtcattattgtccaagtgattcaaacgctagggaat
gttctagctagattcatacgtagacattaa
>Potential gene 22:24235..25263, 1029 bp
atgatgattgagtttcgacaggtaagtaagacctttaataaaaagaagcaaaaaatagatgctttgaagg
acgtatcatttacggtcaatcgcaatgatatttttggtgtgattggatatagtggtgcaggaaaaagtac
gttggtaagactcgtgaatcatcttgaagctgcctcgaatggacaagtgattgtagatggacatgatatt
acgaattatagcgataaaatgatgagggatattaagaaagatatcggtatgatatttcagcatttcaatt
tattaaattcagctaccgtatttaaaaatgtagcaatgccactcattttaagtaagaaaagcaaaacaga
aattaagcaacgagtaacggaaatgcttgaatttgtaggattgagtgataaaaaagaccaatttcctgat
gaattatctggtgggcagaagcaaagggtggctattgcaagagcgcttgttactaatccgaaaatactcc
tatgcgatgaagcaacaagcgcattggatccagcaacgactgcttcgatattgacgttattaaagaatgt
caatcaaacctttggcattacaattatgatgattacacatgaaatgcgcgttattaaagacatttgtaat
cgtgttgctgtaatggaaaaggggaaagtggttgaaacaggaactgttaaagaggtgtttagtcatccta
aaacgacgattgctcaaaattttgtgtctacagttatacagactgagccaagtacatcattgattcgtcg
attgaatgacgaacaagttggcgattttaaagattataaaatcttcgtcgaggaaactcaggtgacacaa
ccgattataaatgacttgattcaaatttgtggcagagaggttaaaattttattttcatctatgtcagaaa
tacaaggtaacaccgtatgttatatgtggcttcgatttaatatggatcaacaatttgaagacacggcaat
aaatcaatatttcaaagagaaaaatattcaatttgaggaggtgcattaa
>Potential gene 23:25554..26750, 1197 bp
atggtagtgatcgatatatgtctaagcaaatatttaattatgaggagaataataatgaacaagaaaacta
aattaattcatggtgggcacacaacagacgattatacaggtgccgttacaacaccaatttatcaaacaag
tacatatttacaagatgatattggtgatttacgtcaaggatatgaatattctcgtactgcgaatccaaca
agaagttctgtagaaagcgttattgcgacattagaaaatggcaaacatggctttgcatttagttcaggtg
ttgcagcaatcagtgcagttgttatgctgttggacaaaggagatcatattattttaaattcagatgtata
cggcggtacttatcgcgcattgacaaaagtatttacacgatttggcattgaagtggattttgtagataca
acgcatacagattcaattgtacaagcgatacgcccaacaacaaagatgttgtttattgaaacaccttcta
atccattattacgtgttactgacattaaaaagtctgctgaaattgcgaaagaacacggtttgatttcagt
tgttgataacacatttatgacaccttattatcagaatccattagatttaggtatcgatattgtcttacat
tctgcaacgaaatatttaggtggacatagtgatgtcgttgctggtttagttgcaacatcggatgacaagc
ttgcagaacgtttagcatttatttcaaattcaacaggtggcattttaggacctcaagatagctatttact
tgtgaggggtattaaaacattaggtttacgtatggaacaaattaatcgcagcgttattgaaattattaaa
atgttacaagcacatccagctgtgcaacaagtgttccatccaagtattgaaagtcatttaaatcatgatg
tccatatggctcaagcggatggccatacaggtgtgattgcatttgaagtgaaaaatacagaaagtgccaa
acaattgattaaagcaacatcgtattacacattagctgaaagtttaggtgcagtggaaagtttaatttca
gtacctgcattgatgacacatgcatccattccagcagatattcgagctaaagaaggtattacagacggac
ttgtaagaatttctgtaggtattgaagatactgaagatttagtcgatgatttaaaacaagcactagatac
tttataa
>Potential gene 24:26680..27645, 966 bp
atgaagaaaggtttcattcatttgatcggcatgtcagatgagggtgcatctatgattacttatgatttaa
ttggcaatacaccattagtactgttagaacattatagtgatgataaagttaaaatttatgccaagcttga
acaatggaatcctggaggcagtgttaaagacagactcgggaaatatttagtagagaaggcaattcaagaa
gggcgtgtgcgtgcaggtcaaactattgttgaagcgactgctggtaatacaggcatagggttagctattg
cagcgaatagacatcatttgaaatgtaagatctttgcgccgtatggtttttcagaagaaaagattaatat
tatgatagcgcttggtgcagaagtttcaaggacgagtcagtctgaaggtatgcatggggcacaattagct
gcacgttcctatgctgaaaaatatggtgccgtttatatgaatcaatttgaatccgaacataatccggata
catattttcatacattgggacccgaattgacttcagcattacagcaaattgattattttgtggctggtat
tggctctggcggtacatttacaggtaccgcacgttatttaaagcaacatcacgtgcaatgttatgccgtt
gagccagaagggtccgtgttaaatggagggccagctcatgcacatgacactgaaggtatcggttctgaga
aatggccgatatttttagagagacgtcttgtagatgggatatttacgattaaagatcaagatgcctttcg
aaatgtcaaaagtttggctataaatgaagggttgttagtaggcagttcttcaggtgcagcattacaaggt
gcattgaatttaaaagcgcaattatctgaaggtacgattgttgtcgtatttccagatggtagtgatcgat
atatgtctaagcaaatatttaattatgaggagaataataatgaacaagaaaactaa
>Potential gene 25:27811..29157, 1347 bp
atgtgaatgatgaaaagacaacaatcacaatggaagtcatcaactggatttattttagctagtgcgggtt
ctgcaatcggtcttggtgccatgtggaaattcccatatatggcagggatttatggcggcggtgcctttct
agctatgttcttaatattcaccatttttgttgggttgccattactcattatggaattcactgttgggaaa
atgggacggacatatacaacacaaatatatagtaaattaactggtaaaaaatggctcaatatcattggct
ggaacggtaatttggcagtgtttattttatttggcttctatagtgttatcggtggttggattgtcattta
catcggacaagtattatggcaattagttatatttcaacgcatcaatcatctccaagaaatgaattttgaa
gcggtaatatcaaatccttggttaaccgttctagggcaaggtatattcatattcgctacgatgattattg
tcatgttaggtgttgaaaaaggattagaaaaggcatcgaaagttatgatgccattgctgtttgtcttttt
aatcgtcattgtgattaagtctttaacattagatggcgccttagaaggtgtgaaatttattttacaacca
agagtatcagagattactgctgatggcatcttgtttgcgctaggtcaatcattctttacgttatcattag
gaactacaggtatgattacttatgcgagttatgcctctaaagacatgacgattaagtcatcagctatttc
tatcgttgttatgaatatctttgtatctgtattggcaggtctagctatatttccggctttacatagtttt
ggctatgaaccacaagaagggcctggattattatttaaagtactgccaatggtctttagtcaaatgcatc
taggcacattattctatttgggattcttagtgctgttcttatttgcggctttaacgtcatctatttcttt
attagaattaaatgtttctaacttcacgaagaatgacaatacaaaacgtaaaaaagtcgcagtgatcggt
agtattttagtatttatcattagtattccagcaaccttatcttttggtatcttaaaagatgtaagattcg
gtgcgggaacgatttttgataatatggatttcatcgtttcgaatgtattgatgccattaggcgcattagg
tactacgcttgtcgtaggacaattattagataaaaaattattacaacaatattttggtaaagatcgattt
agattattcagtggttggtattacttaattaagtatgcgatgcctgtcgttattattttagtctttatcg
tgcaattatttagttaa
>Potential gene 26:29604..30338, 735 bp
atgagaattaaaacaccgagtccatcgtatttaaaaggcacaaatggacatgcgatattattattacatt
catttacaggtacaaatcgggatgtgaagcatcttgcagctgagttaaatgaccaaggatttagttgtta
tgcaccgaattatccaggtcatggtttattgttgaaagatttcatgacatataatgtagatgattggtgg
gaagaagttgagaaagcttaccaatttttagtcaatgaaggttatgaatctatcagtgcaacgggtgtgt
ctttaggtggattaatgacattaaaattggcgcaacactatcctttgaaacgtatcgctgtcatgtcagc
accaaaggaaaagagtgacgatggcttaatagaacatttagtttattatagtcaacgcatgtcgaatatt
ttaaatttagatcagcaagcatcgagtgcgcaattagcagcaattgatgattatgaaggtgaaattacga
agtttcaacattttattgatgatatcatgacaaatttaaatgttattaaaatgccagctaatatattatt
tggtggtaaagatgcgccatcctatgaaacaagtgcacattttatttatgaacatttaggatcagtagac
aaagaattaaatggtctgaaggattcgcatcatttaatgacgcatggagaaggcagagatattttagaag
aaaatgttattcgctttttcaatgctttaacataa
>Potential gene 27:30375..31154, 780 bp
atgaactttataattttgatattgtcggtaaagtgaaatttgtggcacattgatattatggataacattt
gtaaaatgaaaatgatgatacgaggagattgtaagatgatagataaaaaattaacatcaccgaaaatgac
agtgcctttatttttaatcgcgctgattgtatttataggtatgttttacagtgtagtgacaaatcaagaa
tggcttaaaaatatagatatgggatcattaacatggtttacagattatttcggtgagccacaacgtcagt
atgttaacaatttgtttaattactatatgacgtttagtgcggaaattggagatgtcaaaggtgtcgtgtt
gatttccattatcgtcacaatcatactgtttattaaacagaggcatttagcggtttggtttgtgacatat
ttggtttcaggtgtcatcatgaacaaattaattaaagatactgtattacgtccaagaccatataatcatt
tagccgttgatacaggcttttcatttccgagtggacattccaacgccagcacattattatatttcgcctt
aatgatcattattatttcacttgctgctaagacaataacaaaagtgttgagtgcgttggttatgggaata
ttatggcttagcatattattttgtcgcctttattttcatgcacattacttttcagatgtcattggcggca
cgtcactagcaatcatttgggtagcgttattcttaatggtatacccatactttattaatcatcgacgaca
acgcgtttag
>Potential gene 28:31087..31503, 417 bp
atgttatccataatatcaatgtgccacaaatttcactttaccgacaatatcaaaattataaagttcatat
tgttatgtatattgcaaataaaacattgtataattgaaataacaatattttgctattttcaatttagtac
gatttatatttattatacagagggggtaaggcgtatcaatagagttatttttgtctatatagcgttaatc
attacattagttagattctttacccctattcatccatcattttcaaatttgatttactggatatttgtat
tatattttattcctattatactatgcgttatcggtttcaaggccgaaaaacttattgcaacaatggtcat
tatacctaattttttaggaatactttatcgattatatgcctacgtcacacatatactctttatgtaa
>Potential gene 29:31468..31632, 165 bp
atgatgtgtttattacgtggatgaatgcgtgggtctgaatatagcccgtgaaaggcgtatgtcataaaat
ttgcgaatggtgacaagtcgacgcaagcatatttgttgcgagacatgcccactatccttttacataaaga
gtatatgtgtgacgtaggcatataa
>Potential gene 30:31732..32094, 363 bp
atgaaaagaacgaaaggtgaaatcgaagctgaaatcagtaaagccattacgcaatgggaaaaagatttcc
ttggcagaggttccttgtcagttaaatcagacattttaagagatatggtgattattagtttacaaggtat
cttaacgccagctgaatatcgtgtatgtagtacgaatgaaggattattaaatattaaacgaacacgttct
gaattagttgaatccggtgagcaagatttgaatgatatcatttttaaaattacaggtatcaaagtgatga
gcttccatagtgatttaagtacagttacaggtgaacgtattatcgtattcaaacttgaggataatttgga
aaagcatatttaa
>Potential gene 31:32256..34961, 2706 bp
atgacaacacagttaaatatcaattcagtcattgaaaatgcgaaacgtgttattacaccattatcaccaa
tttcgatttttgcagcacgaaatccatgggaaggattagaagcggatacgtttgaagatgtcgcaaaatg
gttacgtgatgttcgagatgtggatattttcccaaataaagcattaatagaaagcgctgtggcacgtggt
gaattagatgaaagtgtctttaatcaacttgttactgatatgttacttgaacatcactacaatatcccgc
aacactacatcaatctttatattgataacattaaaacattaaaagacgtacctgcatcatatatgaatca
ttcaaatgttgatgttgttgctgatctactattagaaaaatcaaaacgtgatatggctgaatcatatcat
cactatgatgtacgtccgatgagtgatgcaataatagatgaacaaggtgagccacttagcgaacaagtga
atcgtcaaatgattaaatggacgaaactttatatcgatcaatttctatcgagttggacaatgccgaagcg
tgagcaaagtttttaccatgcatggttgcatttagcgcaacatgaccatagttttactaaagcacagcgc
caagtgattaaaggcttacccaatgatcctgaaatgacgatagagtcagtattaactcatttttcaatag
atcaggaagactaccaagcttatgttgaaggacatcttttggcgttaccgggttgggcaggtatgttgta
ttaccgttcacaacagcattactttgaacaacatttgttaacggattatttggcaattcggttagttgtc
gaacaattgctagttggtgatgagtttaagtcagtcgctaaagattgtgaaagtagatcggaaaattggt
ttaagcaaactgttgcatcatggtgttactacagtgatatgcctagcgatgtattactacaacatgacgt
caatgaaattcaaacgtttattcattttgcagcaactatgaataaaaatgtatttaaaaatttatggcta
attgcctgggaaatgacatacgaatctcagttaaaacaaaaaattaaagcaggtcatgaaagtgtggcgg
gcgcattagatgtaaaccaagtaaatgtctcagaaaatgataacgctaatcagccacattcagtattgtt
aaatgacacacaagcagttgatgaaaataatagcgagctaaatcagatgggcacatcaacgaaagcgcaa
attgcattttgtatagatgttcgttcagaaccatttcgtagacatatcgaagcagcagggccctttgaaa
cgattggtattgcaggcttctttggattacctattcaaaaagatgccgtagacgaacaattcaaacatga
ttcattacctgtcatggtaccgccggcatatcgcattaaagaatttgcagaccgctacgatatgaatgtt
tatcgacaacagcaacagacaatgtcatcgatgttttacacatttaaattgatgaaaaataatgtcatgc
ctagtctgttattgcctgaattaagtgggccatttttaagcttaagtaccattgtcaattcgattatgcc
tagaaaaagtcgcgcgtctttacaaaaaataaaacaaaagtggttgaaaaagcctgaaacaaagttgacg
attgatcgtgagtttgaccgaacatcagacttacctgttggatttactgagcaagagcaaattgatttcg
cgttacaagcgttgaaattgatggatttaaccgaagcatttgcgccgttcgttgtgttagcaggtcatgc
tagtcattctcacaataatccacatcatgcatcacttgaatgtggggcttgtggtggcgcatcaagcggt
tttaatgctaagttattagcgatgatatgtaatcgtccaaatgtcagacaaggattaaaacaatcaggtg
tgtatattccagagacaactgtttttgcggtagcagaacatcatacgtctactgatacgttggcatgggt
atatgtgccagacacattatcttctattgctttagatgcatatgaatcattgaatgacgcgatgccgatg
atttctgaacacgcgaatcgcgaacgtttggacaaactgccaacgattggtcgtgtgaatcatccagtgg
aagaagcgcagcggtttgcgagtgattggagtgaggtacgtccagaatggggattggctaaaaatgcatc
atttataattggacgacgccaattaacaaaaggcattgatttagaagggcggacatttttacacaattat
gattggcgtaaagataaagatggcacattattaaataccatcatttctggtccggcacttgtggcacaat
ggattaatttacaatattatgcgtcgacagttgcgccgcatttttacggaagtgggaataaagcgacaca
aaccgtcacgtcaggtgttggtgtcatgcaaggtaatgcgagtgatctgatgtatggcttatcatggcaa
tctgttatggctgctgatcggacgatgtatcattcgccaattcgtttacttgtcgttattcaggcacccg
actatgttgtagcaagactactcgcgaataatgagcatttcgctaggaaggtgtctaatcattggctgcg
tttaatgagcgttaatgaggaagggcgttttaaaagttggatttaa
>Potential gene 32:34974..36371, 1398 bp
atgccaatgagatatattaaattacatttatacatactagtcatgccagtattatttgcagtcattggct
ttttcggtattcatggtcaacatgtcttaggtccatttaaaatagatcgtttatcttggttattagctgg
ctttgtaatggcgcttggctttattattcaaaagttttcaatgcgatatttactaggtgatcatcattat
agacattactttccattgttcactgcgattacgtcgtttgcatctttagcatggatgtctgaagacttaa
gactgatggcactctgctggggtattacattattatgtttaacattgctgatgaacgttaatcgtttttg
gaaagtgccacgtgagtctgcgaaattatcaagcatgacatttttatgtggttggcttgcattcgttgga
gcaattgtaactatttatattgcgactggcgagtggcgggtaccacaacatatagttcatccgacatggt
cattgttgacgaatgtactacttgtattagctgtcatgataccggcagcacaatttccttttcatcgatg
gttgattgaatctgtaacggcaccaacgccagtatcggcaattatgcatgcaggaattgtgaatgcaggt
ggtgttattctaactcgttttgcgccgatatttgataatggatttgcgttatcattattacttatccttt
ctagtatttctgtattgttaggatcgggtattagcttagttcaagttgactataaacgccaattagtggg
ctctacgatgagtcaaatgggctttatgttagttcaatgtgcattgggtgtatattcagcagcgattatt
catttaatattgcacggtatttttaaagcaacattatttttacaatcaggttctatcgtgaagcgattca
atattccaaaacaagcatctgctaaagacgcttatggctggattgtcatgggacgtgtattagctattat
cgtggcatttctattttggatgagtagtgacagaagtgcatatgaagtgttaagtgcactcattctagga
tggtcattacttgtatcttggaatcaaatggtagcctttagtaaaggacgcatggcacgtcttgttggta
tgattttgattgcaatcgtgacatttatctacgtcatcacacataattatttttacgctgtattacaaaa
tataacaacacatgcgacaacgccgcctacagtgagtgtcatcattagtgttgttattttaatctttggc
agtttattaagtatttgggtggcgcggcatcgatactctaaggcttttgcggtattgtacgtgtggttag
ttaatctaggtgaagcacgctcgaaagcgatagaaagtcatccgaattatttgaagaagtatttatag
>Potential gene 33:36798..37052, 255 bp
atgaaatcttatttaccagtgaattgttcgattaagcttttgataactttaatgatgccagcgatgatac
ccattaagattacctcctttgcttatgagttaacttcattgtacatagttatcttgtgcgtaattgattt
ttttcctaacttgaattgttatgatcataactgcgaattttttattttaaaaggacgggaaatactgcct
aactgtacaggtgcatttacaaaatctttacaatcattggtttaa
>Potential gene 34:37649..37846, 198 bp
atgaaaaatggcaaaaccatcgtaccaactgttaattgaaggtacaatcattgtttaacagtcataaaaa
tgagtgaagtaaatgcagctatcaatgtactattaacacttacggtcacacgagtgtttcagtctaaacg
tgcaacgcaattccgcacgtggccaatatatcttgcgctagatcatgaaaatcattaa
>Potential gene 35:37782..37943, 162 bp
atgactgttaaacaatgattgtaccttcaattaacagttggtacgatggttttgccatttttcatcaacg
taaatataaaaaggactaagacacatacatgtcctagccctatggataaaatgcaaatttctgctttatc
aaaactatcacactttagatag
>Potential gene 36:38026..39216, 1191 bp
atgattatacttcattcaacttatcgtgctggtctaatttgccattgatatggatcttcaaattgttgcc
aatctgcatcaatttcttgcgcattgactaagcatgcgtcgagttcttttgttaatttttcttcatctaa
ttctgtaccaataatgacaaattgtgtatgacgatcgccatattctggatcccattcagctgcgacatct
tgacgttctgctaatatttgtgtttgttgcgcttcagacatactagccacccaatatgtaactggatgaa
tattgcaagatgaccctgcttgagataataaacatgctacgtgattgtattgtgctagccatacgatacc
ttttgatcgaacgacattatttggcatgctttctaaccaatcattgaaccttttagcatggaaaggtaga
cgacgtttatatacaaacgatgatataccatattcttctgtttcaggtgtatgcgatgcatgcccaccag
actcaagttctttgatccatcctgctgactcgctcgctttttcaaaatcaaaacgctgcgtattcaagac
ttcttttaaatctacttcagaatttgttgtcttaataattttagcagtcggttgcaatgcgcttaacatt
ttttctaacttcgctagttcttcttcactaattaaatcaattttattaataatcaatacatcacaaaatt
caacttggtcaattaataaatcagcaatcgaacgctcatctgtttcgtcaacgctttgatcacgatccat
caataaatcttctgagttgatgtcatgtacgaagcggttagcatccacaactgtaaccattgtatctaaa
cggcaaatcgctgtaagatcaatgccaagttcatcatcaatatatgagaaagtttgtgcaacaggtactg
gctctgaaatccctgttgactcaataacaatttgatcgatgccaccttttttcactaaacgctcaacttc
ttttaataaatcgtctctaagtgtacaacagatacaaccattagaaagttcgactaatttttcatctgta
cgcgatagtcccccaccatctgcgacaagatctttatcgatatttacttcactcatatcatttacaatta
ccgcgatacgtcgaccttctcgattttgtaaaatatgatttaacaacgttgtcttccccgagcctaaata
a
>Potential gene 37:38046..39248, 1203 bp
atggctaaaattccagttacggtattaagtggttatttaggctcggggaagacaacgttgttaaatcata
ttttacaaaatcgagaaggtcgacgtatcgcggtaattgtaaatgatatgagtgaagtaaatatcgataa
agatcttgtcgcagatggtgggggactatcgcgtacagatgaaaaattagtcgaactttctaatggttgt
atctgttgtacacttagagacgatttattaaaagaagttgagcgtttagtgaaaaaaggtggcatcgatc
aaattgttattgagtcaacagggatttcagagccagtacctgttgcacaaactttctcatatattgatga
tgaacttggcattgatcttacagcgatttgccgtttagatacaatggttacagttgtggatgctaaccgc
ttcgtacatgacatcaactcagaagatttattgatggatcgtgatcaaagcgttgacgaaacagatgagc
gttcgattgctgatttattaattgaccaagttgaattttgtgatgtattgattattaataaaattgattt
aattagtgaagaagaactagcgaagttagaaaaaatgttaagcgcattgcaaccgactgctaaaattatt
aagacaacaaattctgaagtagatttaaaagaagtcttgaatacgcagcgttttgattttgaaaaagcga
gcgagtcagcaggatggatcaaagaacttgagtctggtgggcatgcatcgcatacacctgaaacagaaga
atatggtatatcatcgtttgtatataaacgtcgtctacctttccatgctaaaaggttcaatgattggtta
gaaagcatgccaaataatgtcgttcgatcaaaaggtatcgtatggctagcacaatacaatcacgtagcat
gtttattatctcaagcagggtcatcttgcaatattcatccagttacatattgggtggctagtatgtctga
agcgcaacaaacacaaatattagcagaacgtcaagatgtcgcagctgaatgggatccagaatatggcgat
cgtcatacacaatttgtcattattggtacagaattagatgaagaaaaattaacaaaagaactcgacgcat
gcttagtcaatgcgcaagaaattgatgcagattggcaacaatttgaagatccatatcaatggcaaattag
accagcacgataa
>Potential gene 38:39381..39575, 195 bp
atgaaaatagcaatcgttataatagcactgccaatggtatataaagtatgtttcgtagataatccttcag
tctttgaaccaaaaacactgagtagaataaatgcaataccagtaacatataaaactaaaatgacaaataa
catgtttatacacctcgattctctttcgtgagatatatctttgtctccattataa
>Potential gene 39:39433..39627, 195 bp
atgttatttgtcattttagttttatatgttactggtattgcatttattctactcagtgtttttggttcaa
agactgaaggattatctacgaaacatactttatataccattggcagtgctattataacgattgctatttt
catttcaattggctatgccattcaatacttaactgcagcgctttatggtttgtaa
>Potential gene 40:39917..40231, 315 bp
atgactctaatagaaccagatatgaccttaagaatgccagatataagtactacagtagaaacacttaatc
tcatatctaaaatggaagcgcaaaaagaaaatattcgcacagttattgcacctgaacataagcataaata
caaagatattgaaaacggattaaaaggtgaagaaaaagtattaattgaacaaatggcgcaacattgcgaa
gcttttaaagctaattttaaaggtgcagctcaaggagattgggttaaaagtgccatgtctgagatagaca
gcattaaggatgacctgaaaaaaattaatagctaa
>Potential gene 41:40247..40573, 327 bp
atgatgtttaatcaaattaataataaaaatgaattagaagaatcatatgaatctgagaaaaaacgtatag
agaatgaactgcaaaatttaaatgaacttaggcatagaactcgaaaagaaaatgagcgtagttatgatgt
ttttcaatatttgaagcacgaaatgaattatagtgaagatgcccaaaggaaaatgacgagaaatatagaa
gcgtatgagcaagaaatcaatgagataattagaaagcaagaatggaaattagaagaatataaagaagact
taaaaaagtcttatgaaaagcagttagataagctaagtgactgataa
>Potential gene 42:40537..41898, 1362 bp
atgttgagtaggaagtataaaatagatttaaaagcaattaatcaaaatactgagtctacaagtgctattt
cgaaagcgtcatacgaagttgagaatgctaataataatggtctatcaaaaagagacgtgattaatcaatt
taatgatttgaaaaaaatgaaaaaattcccttctaatcttgaatatgttgatagttacactgattctctt
actggagtaacaacttctgcttttttaaataaagatacaggcaaagtaactctcgggatgactgggacta
atttacaagacgaagcctttaaaaagttaaaagaaggtgaattttcaagacaaaatgttaccaatgcttt
ggaaacagttaaagatggatatgcagatcttaaaatattatattctcctgcatctgatcaaaactataga
tatgcgaatacacaagaatttataaataaaataaaaagtaagtatgacattgattttattactggacatt
cactaggtggaagagatgcggtagttctaggaatgagtaatggtattccgaacattgtggtttataatcc
agctcctatttctataactagtttgaatcctaattccccagatggaaaacgtttattagaattatataaa
aattataaaggtaatattactaggtttgttgcagaaaatgatgcattgacagaaaatctgaagaaatata
agcattatgtttttttcggtaatgataaagtctttaaaaatggtaaaggtcatgaaatggaaggctttct
gaccgaagaagaacaaaaagctataaaaaaagaacttaaaaaactacaaggttatgcagaagaaaataat
aagtcatttgtaaagaattcaaataatgctatctctaaattagctagtatagaattacttagagcaaata
tgatgactacaaatggaggaggattatcttcttcgcagcaaaaagttttagaaagtttaacagctttaac
aattgcgcagtcattcagtcaactgatagacgatgaaattaatcaaatcaaaaaaatgtataatgaaaag
aaaaagaaatttggaaaaaattgggaagacgctcaaaaagctggaaaagctgtaggtgaagatttgagtg
taaatggagttctcaatgctttagatgaaggtcaagtgaatgaaagtagtatggtaagagaacctgaaca
aatgatatctgcaaaagaaagacaactttcaacgatagggtcttctgtatcaaattatattatgagagtt
agactcagtattaatgaaatcgttgataaagatcaagtgcttgcatcacaaataggtggattactatgat
gtttaatcaaattaataataaaaatgaattag
>Potential gene 43:41888..42748, 861 bp
atgaaatattcaaatgtttataaaattaaaacagagagatgtgaaatgatggagtatataaaaaaaattg
ctttgtacatgagtgtattacttttaatcatttttattgggggatgtggaaatatgaaagatgaacagaa
aaaagaggaacaaacgaataaaacagattcaaaagaagaacaaatcaaaaagagttttgcgaaaacgtta
gatatgtatccaattaagaatctcgaggatttatacgacaaagaaggatatcgagatggtgagtttaaaa
aaggcgataaaggtacgtggactatacttacaggtttttcaaaaagtaacaaaccaggagtattagatga
tgaaggcatggtgttatatcttaatagaaatgccaaaaaggcaacaggttattattttgtaaataaagtt
tatgatgatattagcaaaaatcataatgagaaaaaatatcgtgttgaactaaaaaataataagattgttc
ttttggataatgtagaagacaaaaaacttaaacaaaaaattgaaaattttaaattttttagtcagtatgc
tgattttaaagatttaaaaaattatcaagatggaaatataacaactaatgaaaacgtaccgagctatgaa
gcacaatataaaatgaacaatagtgataaaaatgtaaaaaaacttagagaaatttatccaattacaacta
ataactctccaaatctaaaattatatatagatggtgatataaaaggaagctcagtaggatataaaaaaat
agaatataaattttcaaaagataaaggtcaagagacaacattaagagattatttgaattttggaccgtct
gaaggtgagaatgttgagtag
>Potential gene 44:42883..44502, 1620 bp
atgatggggtatataaaaagaatggctttatacatgagtgtatttcttttaatcatttttattgttggat
gtcgaaatatgaaagatgaacagaaaaaagaagaacaaacaaataaaacagattcaaaagaagaacaaat
caaaaagagttttgagaaaacattagatatgtatccaattaagaatctcgaggagttatacgacaaagaa
ggataccgagatggcgaatttaaaaagggtgataaagggatgtggacgatatatacagatttcgccaaaa
gtaataaacaaggtggattgagtaatgaaggtatggtcttatacttagatagaaatacacggactgcaaa
gggacattattttgttaagacattctataataagggcaaattcccagatagaaaaaattataaagttgaa
atgaaaaataataaaattatcttattagataaagtagaagatacaaatctaaaaaagagaatagaaaact
ttaaattttttggacaatatgcaaaccttaaagaattgaaaaactacaacaatggtgatgtctcaattaa
tgagaatgttccaagttatgacgcaaaatttaaaatgagcaataaagatgaaaatgttaagcaattaaga
agtcgttataatattcctactgataaagcaccggtattaaaaatgcatattgatggtaatttgaaaggaa
gttctgtgggttataaaaagttggaaattgacttttcaaaaggtggaaaaagcgatttgtcagtaataga
ttctttgaatttccagccggcgaaggtagatgaagatgatgaatgatgaggatggtgtgtaacaatgaag
tctataaaaaggattggattgtgcattagtttgttgattttaatcatctttgttacatcttgtgatggtg
ataataagatcattggagattcaaaagaagaacaaatcaaaaagagctttgcgaaaacgttagatatcta
ccctattaagaatctcgaggatttatacgacaaagaaggatatcgagatggcgaatttaaaaaagatgat
aaaggtacttggctaattagatctgaaatgaaaatccaattaaaaggagaaaatctggaatctagaggag
cagttttagaaattaacagaaatactagaacggctaaagggcattatattgttagagaagttgttgaaga
tagcgatggaatgacacacaatcatacaaaaagatatcctgtgaaaatggaaaataataaaatgattcca
ttaaaaccaatcgatgacgaaaaagtaaaaaaagaaatcgaagaatttaacttctttgtacaatacggga
atttcaaagaattggaaaactataaagaggacgaagtgtcatataacccagaagtaccaatttactctgc
aaaatatcaattgaaaaacagtgattacaatgttgaacaattaaggaagcgatataatatcccgacgcaa
aaagcgcccaaattattattgaaaggctcaggtaatttaaaaggttcatcagtcggatataaaaatattg
aatttacctttattgaaaacaaggaagaaaatatttacttcacagatagtatctactttaatccaagcga
ggataaataa
>Potential gene 45:44678..45499, 822 bp
atgaaatgatcaaatatcaaaaaatgtgcaaagagatgtgacaagatgaagtgttttcagaaattataca
tatttatattaattttaatcgtattaatggcaggatgcgaaagtaataagatcactggagattcgaaaga
aacacagatcaaaaagagctttgcgaaaacattagatgtataccctacgaaaaatctagaagatttttat
gacaaagaaggatatcgagatggcgaatttaaaaagggtgacaaagggaagtgggttattagatctgaaa
tgacaacagaactgaaaaatgaaaatatggtatctaaaggtatggtcatacgtttaaatagaaatagtag
aacatgcactggtgaatattttgtcaggatagttaaagaagacagtgagggcaaggtatatagtgatgaa
cgaaaatatccagtgaaaatggaaaataataaaatcattacattaaaaccaatcgatgatgaaaaagtaa
aaaaagaaattgaagaatttaaattcttcgtacaatacgggaatttcaaagaattggaaaactataaaga
cggagaagtgacatataacccagaagcaccaatatactctgcacaatatcaattgaaaaatagtgattat
aatgtagaacaactacgtaagcgatataatataacgacgaaaaaagcgcctaaattattattgaagggtt
caggtaatttaaaaggctcatcagttggatataaaaatattgaatttacctttgttgaaaataaggaaga
aaatatttacttcacagatagtattaatttcaacccaagtgaggataaataa
>Potential gene 46:45524..46315, 792 bp
atggaatatctaaaaaggcttgcattgttaataagtgttattattttgaccatttttataatgggttgtg
atagtcaaagcgatactgcagaaaatccaaaagaaggttcaaaagaagcacaaattaaaaagagtttttc
gaaaacgttagatatgtatccaattaagaatctcgaggatttttatggcaaagaaggatatcgagatggc
gaatttaaaaaagatgataaaggtacttggctaattagatccgaaatagttaaacagccaaagggcaaag
tgatgaaaacaagaggtatgcaattatatattaatagaaataccgaaacagccaaaggtttctttgtttt
gaaagaaataagtgaaaataataatcgtgtaaataaagataaggaggaaaaatacgaagtgaaaatggta
ggaaataaaattattcctactgaacaaattaatgacgagaaaataaaaaaagaaattgaaaacttcaagt
tttttgtgcaatatggaaactttaaaaatttcgaaaaatacaacaatggtgagttttcatataatcctga
agcaccaatttattcggctaaatatcaattacacaacgatgattacaatgtaaggcaactacgtaaaaga
tatgacatttcaacaaaagaaacaccgaagttacttttgaaaggtggaggagatttaaaaaattcctcag
ttggtcaaaacgatattgaatttacttttgttgaaagaaaaggtgagaatatttattttaacgatagtgt
tgaattcataccaagtaagtaa
>Potential gene 47:46347..47117, 771 bp
atgaagtctataaaaaggattggattgtgcataagtctgttgattttaagcatttttgtaacatcttgcg
atggtgataataagatcactggagattcaaaagaaacacaaatcaaaaagagcttttcgaaaacgttaga
tatgtatccaattaagaatctcgaggacttatatgataaagaaggataccgtgatggcgaatttaaaaag
ggcgacaaaggaatgtggactatatatacagattttgctaaaggcaataaatcagacgaattggatgatg
aaggtatggttttaaatctggatagaaatactcgaacggctaagggatattattttgttaagaaatttta
tgaaaaggataaattacctgatagaaaaaattataaagttgaaatgaaaaataataaaattatcttatta
gacaaggtagaagatccaaatctaaaaaagagaatagaaaactttaaatttttcggacaatatgcaaatt
ttaaggatttggaaaattacaacaatggcgacgtgtcaataaattggaatgttccaagttatgacgtgga
atataaaatgagcaataaagatgaaaatgttaaacaattaagaagtcgttataacattcctactgataaa
gctccaatgttaaaaatgcatattgacggggacttaaaaggtagttctgttggatataaaaggttagaaa
tagatttttcaaaagaaggtagggatatttcagtcattgattatttaagttataagccagcgaaaaaata
g
>Potential gene 48:47136..47939, 804 bp
atgatgggttatttaaaaagacttgtattgtatatagttattatggttatgagtgtttttataataggtt
gtgataaatcaagcgatactgcagaaaaatcaaaagaagactcgaaagaaacacaaatcaaaaagagttt
tgcgaaaacgttagatatgtattcaattaagaatctcgaggaactatatgacaaagaaggctatcgagat
ggcgaatttgaaaaaggtgacaaagggatgtggacgatatatacagatttcgccaaaagtaataaaccgg
gtgaactaagtaatgaaggcatggtcttgtacttagatagaaacacacgcacagctaaggggtactactt
tgtcaggacgttttatcgcaaggataaattacctgatagaaaaaattataaagttgaaatgaaaaataat
aaaatcattttattagataaagtagaagataaaaagcttaaacaaaaaatagaaaattttaaatttttca
gtcaatatgcaaatcttaaagaattgaaaaactacagcaatggtgatgtctcaattaatgagaatgttcc
aagttatgacgtgaaatataaaatgagtaataaagatgaaaatgttaagcaattaagaagtcgttataat
attcctactgataaatcaccggtattaaaaatgcatattgatggtaatttgaaaggaagttccgttggag
ataggaagttagaaattgatttttcgaaacgtgaaaatagccatttatcagtaatagattctttggatta
ccagccagcgaaaactaataaagatgatgaataa
>Potential gene 49:47979..48203, 225 bp
atgaagaaaaatgacagaaacattcaacagttgaaaaagagatttaatctaaaaactagcaagacaccaa
aattattgtttaagggatctggagatataaaggggtcttctgtaggatataaggaaatagaaatcatatt
tagtagaagtaaagaagaaagcatttattatgttgacagcgttgagttcgttccaagtaacaaaataaca
aaaagttgatattag
>Potential gene 50:48277..48792, 516 bp
atgtggtcaataaaaagaattggaatgtacacaaatgttataattttgagcgtttttataataggttgtg
atagttcaagcaataatgcagaaaatcaaagagaagactcaaaagaagaacaaatcaaaaagagctttgc
gaaaacgttagatatgtaccctattaagaatctcgaggatttatatgacaaagaaggatatcgtgatggt
gagtttgaaaaaggcgataaggggacgtgggtattgtattcagctatggtatcacaaccaaaaggcgaga
gtttaaaatcacgaggaatgatattaaagttagatagaaataagagaactgctaaaggaagttatattat
tagagaattgaaagaagataaaaatcatgatgttcaaaaaaatgaaaagaaatatccagtgaaattggtg
aataataggatagttttgataaaagatgttaaagacaaaaagttaaaaaaatgaaatagagtcgtttgaa
ttattttcacaatatggaaactttaa
>Potential gene 51:48808..49611, 804 bp
atgcgatatctaaaaaagcttgcatggttcataagtgttattattttgggcatttttataataggttgtg
atagttcaagcgatactggggaaaaagcaaaagaagattcaaaggaagaacaaatcaaaaagagctttgc
gaaaacattagatatgtatccaattaagaatctcgaggacttatatgacaaagaaggatatcgagatagc
gaatttaaaaaaggtgacaaagggatgtggatgatatatacagatttcgccaaaagtaataaaccgggtg
tattagataatgaaggtatgattttaaatttggatagaaatacacgtacggccaagggatattattttgt
agatactatatatgacaatcatgaaaactcttatagtaaaaattatagagttgagatgaaaaacaataaa
attattttattagacaaggtggaagatcaaaaacttaaagaaagaatagaaaactttaaatttttcggac
aatatgccgatttcaagagtttgaaaagttacaacaatggcgacgtttcaattaatagtaatgttccaag
ttatgacgcgaaatttaaaatgagtaataaagatgaaaatgttaagcaattaagaagtcgttataacatt
cctactgaaaaagctccaatattaaaaatgcatattgatggggacttaaaaggcagttccgttggatata
aaaagttagaaatagacttttcaaaagaagaaaatagcgaattatcagtagtcgattcattaaattttca
gcctgccaaaaaaaataaagatgatgaatgatag
>Potential gene 52:49642..50445, 804 bp
atgaagtataaaacagagagacgtgaagcgatgggatatttaaaaaggtttgcattgtacataagcgtta
tgattttaatatttgcgatagcaggttgtggcaaaggtaatgaaacaaaagaagattcaaaggaagaaca
aatcaaaaagagctttgcgataacattagatatgtatccaattaagaatctcgaggacttatatgacaaa
gaaggatatcgagatagcgaatttaaaaaaggtgacaaagggatgtggacgatatatacagatttcgcca
aaagtaataaaccgggtgaattggatgatgaaggtatggttttaaatctggataggaatactagaaccgc
taaaggccattattttgttactacattttaccggaatggtaaactaccagatgaaaagaattataaaatt
gaaatgaaaaataataagattattttattagatgaagtaaaagatgataagctcaagcagaaaatagaaa
actttaaatttttcggtcaatatgcaaatcttaaagaattgagaaaatataataatggtgatgtttcaat
taatgaaaatgttcctagttatgatgttgaatacaaaatgagcaataaagatgaaatagttaaggaatta
agaagtcgttataatatttcgactgaaaaatcacctatattaaaaatgcatattgatggggacctgaaag
gcagttctgtaggttatagaaagttagaaattgacttttcaaaacgtgaaaacagcaaattatcagtcat
tgaatttttaagttataaaccagcgaaaaaatag
>Potential gene 53:50783..51091, 309 bp
atgaaatttaaaaaggttttagtagctacggcaatggtaggtgttttagcaactggcgttgttggatatg
gtaatcaagcagatgcgaaagtttattctcaaaatggactcgtactacatgatgatgcaaacttcttaga
acatgaattaagttatattgatgtgttattagataagaatgctgaccaagctacaaaagacaacttaaga
tcatacttcgccgataaaggactacattcaatcaaagacattatcaacaaagctaaacaagacggctttg
atgtttcaaaatatgaacacgtaaaataa
>Potential gene 54:51194..52702, 1509 bp
atgagggaaaattttaagttacgtaaaatgaaagtcggtttagtatctgttgcaattacaatgttatata
ttatgacaaacggacaagcagaagcatctgaaaatcaaaacgctttaatctctaatataaatgtagacaa
tcaggaaaaacagaataatgtaaatcaagctgttcagcctcaaaataatactaatgaaacatcaaaagta
ccggctaattttgtcaaattgaatgatattaaaccaggtgatacttctatacaaggaacaactttaccaa
atcaatttatactattaactattgataaaaaagatgtgagctcagttgaagattctgacagcagctttgt
tatgtctgataaagatgggaattttaagtatgacttaaatggtcgcaaaattgttcataatcaagaaatt
gaagtgtcttcatcagatccctatttaggtgacgatgaagaagatgaagaagtagaagaaacttcaactg
aagaagttggtgctgaggaagaaagtacagaagctaaagctacatatacaacaccgcgatatgaaaaagc
gtatgaaataccgaaagaacagctaaaagaaaaagatggacatcaccaagtttttatcgaacctattact
gaaggttcaggtattattaaaggccatacctctgtaaaaggtaaagttgctctatctattaataataaat
ttattaactttgagacaaatgctaatggtggtccaaataaagaagaagcgaaatctggatcagaaggaat
ctggatgcctattgatgacaaaggatactttaattttgacttcaaaacgaaacgtttcgatgatttagag
ttaaagaaaaatgatgagatctcattaacatttgcacctgatgacgaagatgaggcattgaagtcattaa
ttttcaaaactaaggtaacgagtttagaagatattgataaagcagaaactaaatatgaccatactaaagt
ggaaaaagtaaaagtattgaaagatgttaaagaagatttacatgtagatgaaatttacggaagcttatat
catacagaaaaaggtaaaggtattcttgataaagaaggtactaaagtaattaaaggtaagactaaattcg
caaatgcagttgtgaaggtagactctgaactaggtgaaggtcaagaattccctgatttgcaagtcgatga
aaaaggtgaattcagctttgatgtagatcatgctggatttagattacaaaatggagaaacactaaacttc
acagtagttgatcctattacaggtgaattattaagtggaaattttgtttctaaaaacatagatatttatg
aatctcctgaagaaaaagcagatcgtgagtttgatgaaagaatggaaaacacacctgcatatcataaatt
acatggtgataaaattgtcggctacgatactaacggattcccgattacctggttttatccattaggtgaa
aagaaagttgaacgtaaggcaccaaaattagaaaaataa
>Potential gene 55:53052..53396, 345 bp
atgaaattaaaaaatattgctaaagcaagtttagcactagggattttaacaacagggatgattacaacta
ctgctcagccagtaaaagcaagtacattagaggttagatcacaagctactcaagacttgagtgaatatta
taatagaccgttctttgagtatacaaatcagtcaggatataaagaggaaggaaaagtgacgtttactcct
aattatcaacttatagatgtaactttaactgggaatgaaaagcaaaattttggtgaagatatttctaatg
tagatatatttgttgtaagagaaaattctgatagatctggtaacttcaattggtggtattactaa
>Potential gene 56:53779..55023, 1245 bp
atgcatacctgaaagaacttggggtgttgaaagatgagtaatacacaaaagaaaaatgtgccagaattga
ggttcccagggtttgaaggcgaatgggaagagaagcagttaggggatcttacagatagagtaattaggaa
aaataaaaacttagaatcgaaaaagcctttaacaatatccggacagttaggtttaattgatcaaacagaa
tattttagtaaatcagtttcgtcgaaaaatctagaaaattatacactaataaagaatggagaattcgcgt
ataacaaaagttattctaatggatacccattaggggctattaaaagattaactagatatgatagtggtgt
attgtcctctttgtatatttgtttttctattaaaagtgaaatgtctaaagacttcatggaagcatatttt
gattcgacacactggtatagagaagtttctggaattgcagttgagggtgcaagaaatcacggattattaa
atgtttctgtgaatgatttttttactattctaattaaatatccaagtttagaagaacagcaaaaaatagg
caagttcttcagcaaactcgaccgacaaattgaattagaagaacaaaagcttgaattacttcaacaacag
aaaaaaggctatatgcagaaaattttctcacaggaactgcgattcaaagatgagaatggtgaagattatc
cagattgggaaaatagcaaaatagaaaaatatttaaaagagagaaacgaacgttctgacaaagggcaaat
gctttcagtaactataaatagtggcattataaaatttagtgaattggatagaaaagataattcaagtaaa
gataaaagtaattataaagtagttaggaaaaatgatattgcatataattctatgagaatgtggcaagggg
ctagtggtaaatcaaattataatgggattgttagccctgcatatactgtgctttatccaacacaaaatac
tagctcattatttattggatataagtttaaaacacatagaatgattcataaatttaaaattaattcacaa
ggattaacatcagatacatggaacttaaaatataaacaattaaaaaatataaatatagatatacctgtat
tggaggaacaagaaaagataggtgatttctttaaaaaaatggatatattgataagtaaacagaaaatgaa
aattgaaatattagaaaaagagaaacaatcctttttacaaaaaatgttcttataa
>Potential gene 57:54983..56539, 1557 bp
atgtctattactgaaaaacaacgtcagcaacaagctgaattacataaaaaattatggtcgattgcgaatg
atttaagagggaatatggatgcgagtgaattccgtaattacattttaggcttgattttctatcgcttctt
atctgaaaaagcggaacaagaatatgcagatgccttgtcaggtgaagacatcacgtatcaagaagcatgg
gcagacgaagaataccgtgaagacttaaaagcagaattaattgaccaagtcggttacttcattgagccag
aagatttattcagtgcgatgattcgtgaaattgaaacgcaagatttcgatatcgaacacctggcgacggc
aattcgtaaagttgaaacatcaacattaggtgaagaaagtgaaaatgactttatcggtctgttcagcgat
atggatttgagttcaacgcgactaggtaacaatgtcaaagaacgtactgctttaatctctaaagtcatgg
ttaatcttgacgacttaccattcgttcacagtgacatggaaattgatatgttaggtgatgcatatgaatt
cctaattgggcgctttgcggcgacagcgggtaaaaaagcaggcgagttctatacaccacaacaagtatct
aagatactggcgaagattgtcacagacggtaaagataaattacgtcacgtgtatgacccaacatgtggtt
caggttcactgttgttacgtgttggtaaagaaacacaagtgtatcgttatttcggtcaagaacgtaacaa
tactacatacaacttagcacgcatgaatatgttattacatgatgtgcgttatgagaacttcgatatccgt
aatgatgacacattggaaaacccagcctttttaggcaatacatttgatgcggttattgcgaacccaccgt
atagtgcgaaatggactgcagattcaaagtttgaaaatgacgaacgattcagtggttacggcaaacttgc
gcctaagtctaaagcagactttgcctttattcaacacatggtacattacctagacgatgaaggtaccatg
gccgttgtactcccacatggtgtattattccgaggtgctgcagaaggtgtcattcgtcgttatttaattg
aagaaaagaactacttagaagctgtgattggtttgccagcgaatattttctatgggacaagtattccaac
atgtattttagtatttaaaaaatgtcgccaacaagacgacaacgtactatttatcgatgcatccaatgat
tttgaaaaaggaaaaaatcaaaatcatttaagcgatgcccaagtcgaacgtattatagacacatataagc
gtaaggaaacaattgataaatatagctacagcgcgacactacaagagattgccgataacgattacaacct
aaatataccgagatatgtcgatacattcgaagaagaagcaccgattgatttagatcaagtccaacaagat
ttgaaaaatatcgataaagaaatcgcagaaattgagcaagaaatcaatgcatacctgaaagaacttgggg
tgttgaaagatgagtaa
>Potential gene 58:56803..57486, 684 bp
atgaaatttacagcattagcaaaagcgacattagctttaggaattttaacaacaggaactttaacaacag
aagttcattcaggtcatgcaaaacaaaatcaaaagtcagtaaataaacatgacaaggaagcattataccg
atactacactggaaagactatggaaatgaaaaatattagtgctttgaaacatggtaaaaacaacttacgt
tttaagtttagaggtattaagattcaagttttactgcctggaaatgataaaagtaaatttcaacagcgta
gttatgaggggttagatgttttctttgttcaagaaaaaagagataagcacgatatattttatactgttgg
tggtgtaatacagaataataaaacatctggagttgtcagtgcaccaatattaaatatttcaaaagaaaag
ggtgaagatgcttttgtgaaaggttacccttattacattaaaaaagaaaaaataacactaaaagaactgg
attataagttgagaaagcatctaattgaaaaatacggactttataaaacaatctcaaaagatggtagggt
caaaattagcttgaaagatggcagtttttataaccttgatttaagatctaaattaaaatttaaatatatg
ggggaagtcatagaaagcaaacaaattaaagatattgaagttaacttaaagtaa
>Potential gene 59:57852..58550, 699 bp
atgaaattaacaacgatagctaaagcaacattagcattaggaatattaactacaggtgtgtttacagcag
aaagtcaaactggtcacgcgaaagtagaacttgatgagacacaacgcaaatattatatcaatatgctaca
tcaatactattctgaagaaagttttgaaccaacaaacattagtgttaaaagcgaagattactatggctct
aacgttttaaactttaaacaacgaaataaagcttttaaagtatttttacttggtgacgataaaaataaat
ataaagaaaaaacacatggccttgatgtctttgcagtacctgaattaatagatataaaaggtggcatata
tagcgttggcggtataacaaagaaaaatgtgagatcagtgtttggatttgtaagtaatccaagtctacaa
gttaaaaaagttgatgctaaaaatggcttttcgataaacgagttgttttttattcaaaaggaagaagtat
cattgaaggaactggactttaaaataagaaaactcttaatcgaaaaatatagattgtataaaggaacgtc
tgataaaggtagaattgttatcaatatgaaagacgaaaagaagcatgaaattgatttaagtgaaaaatta
agttttgaacgtatgtttgatgtaatggatagtaagcaaattaaaaatattgaagtgaatttgaattag
>Potential gene 60:58930..59634, 705 bp
atgaatatgaaatttacagtgatagctaaagcgatatttatattaggaatattaacaacaagtgtaatga
taacagaaaatcaatcggttaatgcaaaaggaaagtatgaaaaaatgaaccgtttatatgatacaaacaa
gttacatcaatactattcaggacctagttatgagttaacaaatgttagtggccaaagtcaaggttattat
gactctaacgttttgctttttaaccaacaaaatcaaaagttccaagtgtttttattgggaaaagatgaaa
ataaatacaaagaaaaaacacatggtttagatgtctttgcggtaccagaattagtagatttagatggaag
aatatttagtgttagtggtgtaacaaagaaaaacgtaaaatcaatatttgagtctctaagaacgccgaac
ttactagttaaaaaaatagacgataaagacggtttttctattgatgaatttttctttattcaaaaggaag
aagtgtcattgaaggaacttgattttaaaataagaaaactgttgattaaaaaatacaaactgtatgaagg
gtcagctgataaaggtagaattgttattaatatgaaagatgaaaataagtatgaaattgatttaagtgat
aaattagatttcgagcgtatggcagatgtcattaatagtgaacaaattaaaaacatcgaagtgaatttga
aataa
>Potential gene 61:61088..61783, 696 bp
atgaaattaaaaacgttagctaaagcaacattagtattgggattgttagctactggtgtaataacaacag
aaagtcaaacagtaaaagcggcagaatcaactcaaggtcaacacaattataaatcgttaaaatactacta
tagcaagccaagtatagagttaaaaaatcttgatggtttgtatagacagaaagtgacagataaaggagta
tatgtttggaaggatcgaaaagattattttgttggcttgcttggtaaagatattgaaaaataccctcaag
gtgagcatgataagcaagatgcatttttagtcatcgaggaggaaactgttaatggaagacaatattcaat
tggtggtttaagtaagacaaatagtaaagaatttagtaaagaagtcgatgttaaagtaacaagaaaaatt
gatgaatcatcggaaaagtctaaagatagtaaatttaaaattactaaagaagaaatctcgttaaaagagt
tggactttaaattaagaaaaaaattgatggaagaagaaaaattatatggtgctgttaataatagaaaagg
taaaattgtagttaaaatggaagatgataagttttatactttcgaacttacaaaaaaactacaaccgcat
cgcatgggtgacacgatagatggtaccaaaatcaaagaaattaatgttgagctagaatataaataa
>Potential gene 62:62026..62325, 300 bp
atgttttccacattgtttcatgtcacgaaaaggacaacgcgcgactataagtatcaactatttccacaag
ttttattggtgtttttattattcatcgatacgcttcattttcatctctccaacacaaaaaagaagctaag
caacttatgttgcctaactcctctatactatccatattttactattatccatatttcattgaattatcta
atgttggcttctattttttcaatatttctaccgtcaatgacgtcactcatgcgatttgtttgtaattttt
tattaagttcaaacgtataa
>Potential gene 63:62229..62948, 720 bp
atggagcatacaactatgaaaatgacagcaattgcgaaagcaagtttagcattaggtattttagcaacag
gaacaataacgtcattgcatcaaactgtaaatgcgagtgaacataaagcaaaatatgaaaatgtgacaaa
agatatctttgacttaagagattactatagtggcgcaagtaaggaacttaaaaatgttactggttatcgt
tatagcaaaggtggcaagcattaccttatctttgataaaaatagaaaattcacaagagtacagatatttg
gtaaagatattgaaagatttaaagcacgtaaaaatccgggattagacatatttgttgttaaagaagcgga
aaaccgtaatggcacagtgttttcatatggtggtgtcactaagaaaaatcaagacgcttattatgattat
ataaacgcaccaagatttcaaatcaagagagatgaaggtgacggtattgctacgtacggtagagtacact
acatttataaagaagagatttcacttaaagaactcgactttaaattgagacagtatttaattcaaaattt
tgatctgtataaaaagtttcctaaagatagtaagataaaagtgataatgaaagatggcggctattatacg
tttgaacttaataaaaaattacaaacaaatcgcatgagtgacgtcattgacggtagaaatattgaaaaaa
tagaagccaacattagataa
>Potential gene 64:63027..63203, 177 bp
atgatttgagaacccgaattttcgatgggtccaaatatgacgtggaagagacctgaatttatctgtaaat
ccctatctatcgggtgtgaagcacaacgggatcagttttatttaacgaacattatagattccttaattta
cttaataatgattcaatgattattaaacatggtttaa
>Potential gene 65:63297..64238, 942 bp
atggagcatacaactatgaaaataacaacgattgctaaaacaagtttagcactaggccttttaacaacag
gtgtaatcacaacgacaacgcaagcagcaaacgcgacaacaccatcttccactaaagtggaagcaccaca
atcaacaccgccctcaactaaaatagaagcaccgcaatcaaaaccaaacgcgacaacaccgccctcaact
aaagtagaagcaccgcaacaaacagcaaatgcgacaacaccgccttcaactaaagtgacaacacctccat
caacaaacacgccacaaccaatgcaatctactaaatcagacacaccacaatcgccaaccacaaaacaagt
accaacagaaataaatcctaaatttaaagatttaagagcgtattatacgaaaccaagtttagaatttaaa
aatgagattggtattattttaaaaaaatggacgacaataagatttatgaatgttgtcccagattatttca
tatataaaattgctttagttggtaaagatgataaaaaatatggtgaaggagtacataggaatgtcgatgt
atttgtcgttttagaagaaaataattacaatctggaaaaatattctgtcggtggtatcacaaagagtaat
agtaaaaaagttgatcacaaagcaggagtaagaattactaaggaagataataaaggtacaatctctcatg
atgtttcagaattcaagattactaaagaacagatttccttgaaagaacttgattttaaattgagaaaaca
acttattgaaaaaaataatctgtacggtaacgttggttcaggtaaaattgttattaaaatgaaaaacggt
ggaaagtacacgtttgaattgcacaaaaaattacaagaaaatcgcatggcagatgtcatagatggcacta
atattgataacattgaagtgaatataaaataa
>Potential gene 66:64588..65646, 1059 bp
atgaaaatgagaacaattgctaaaaccagtttagcactagggcttttaacaacaggcgcaattacagtaa
cgacgcaatcggtcaaagcagaaaaaatacaatcaactaaagttgacaaagtaccaacgcttaaagcaga
gcgattagcaatgataaacataacagcaggtgcaaattcagcgacaacacaagcagctaacacaagacaa
gaacgcacgcctaaactcgaaaaggcaccaaatactaatgaggaaaaaacctcagcttccaaaatagaaa
aaatatcacaacctaaacaagaagagcagaaaacgcttaatatatcagcaacgccagcgcctaaacaaga
acaatcacaaacgacaaccgaatccacaacgccgaaaactaaagtgacaacacctccatcaacaaacacg
ccacaaccaatgcaatctactaaatcagacacaccacaatctccaaccataaaacaagcacaaacagata
tgactcctaaatatgaagatttaagagcgtattatacaaaaccgagttttgaatttgaaaagcagtttgg
atttatgctcaaaccatggacgacggttaggtttatgaatgttattccaaataggttcatctataaaata
gctttagttggaaaagatgagaaaaaatataaagatggaccttacgataatatcgatgtatttatcgttt
tagaagacaataaatatcaattgaaaaaatattctgtcggtggcatcacgaagactaatagtaaaaaagt
taatcacaaagtagaattaagcattactaaaaaagataatcaaggtatgatttcacgcgatgtttcagaa
tacatgattactaaggaagagatttccttgaaagagcttgattttaaattgagaaaacaacttattgaaa
aacataatctttacggtaacatgggttcaggaacaatcgttattaaaatgaaaaacggtgggaaatatac
gtttgaattacacaaaaaactgcaagagcatcgtatggcaggcactaatattgataacattgaagtgaat
ataaaataa
>Potential gene 67:65937..66632, 696 bp
atgaaaatgaaaaatattgcaaaaataagtttgttattaggaatattagcaacaggtgtaaacactacaa
cggaaaaaccagttcatgccgaaaagaaacctattgtaataagtgaaaatagcaaaaaattaaaagctta
ttataatcaacctagtattgaatataaaaatgtgacaggttatatcagtttcattcaaccaagtattaaa
tttatgaatatcatagatggtaattctgttaataatattgctttaattggcaaagataagcaacattatc
atacgggtgtacatcgtaatcttaatatattttacgttaatgaggataagagatttgaaggtgcaaagta
ctctattgggggtatcacgagtgcaaacgataaagctgtcgacctaatagcagaagcaagagttattaaa
gaagatcatactggtgaatatgattatgactttttcccatttaaaatagataaagaagcgatgtcattga
aagagattgattttaaattaagaaaataccttattgataattatggtctttacggtgaaatgagtacagg
aaaaattacagtcaaaaagaaatactatggaaagtatacatttgaattggataaaaagttacaagaagac
cgtatgtccgatgttatcaatgtcacagatattgatagaattgaaatcaaagttataaaagcataa
>Potential gene 68:66918..67598, 681 bp
atgaaatttaaagcgatagcaaaagcaagtttagcattgggaatgttagcaacaggtgtaattacatcga
atgtacaatcagtacaagcgaaagcagaagttaaacaacaaagtgaatcagagttaaaacactattataa
taaaccaattttagagcgtaaaaatgtgactggatttaaatatactgatgagggtaaacactatttagaa
gtcacagtagggcaacagcattctcgaatcactttacttggatctgataaagataaatttaaagacggag
aaaactcaaatatagatgtgtttatccttagagaaggtgacagtagacaagcaacaaattactcaattgg
tggcgttacaaaatcaaatagtgtgcagtatattgattatatcaatacgccaattttagaaatcaagaaa
gataatgaagatgtacttaaagatttttactacatttcaaaagaagacatctcattaaaagaacttgatt
atagattaagagaacgtgcgattaaacaacacggcttgtattcaaatggtcttaaacaaggtcaaattac
aattacaatgaatgatggcacaacacatacaatcgatttaagtcaaaaacttgaaaaagaacgtatgggt
gagtcaatcgacggcactaagattaataaaattctagtagaaatgaaataa
>Potential gene 69:68061..68915, 855 bp
atgaagtgaatgaatattatgttaacaggtgctacaggtcatttaggcacacatattacaaatcaagcca
ttgcaaatcacatagatcattttcacattggtgttagaaatgttgagaaagttccagaagattggcgcgg
aaaagttcctgttcgacaattagattattttaatcaagaaagcatggtagaagcatttaaaggaatggat
accgttgtgtttattccaagtattatccatccatcattcaaacgtattcctgaagtggaaaatttagtat
atgcggcaaagcagagcggcgttgctcatatcattttcataggttattacgcagatcagcataataatcc
attccatatgagtccttattttggttatgcagcacgtctattggcaacaagtggcattgactatacgtat
gtaagaatggcaatgtacatggatccacttaaaccatatttaccagaattgatgaatatgcataaactga
tttatccagctggcgatggtcgtattaattatattactagaaatgatattgctagaggtgtcattgctat
tattaaaaatccagatacttggggcaaacgctacttattatcaggctacagttatgatatgaaagaactt
gctgcaattttatctgaggcatcaggcacagaaattaaatatgagcccgtttcattagagacatttgcag
aaatgtatgatgaacctaaaggctttggtgcattattggcatcaatgtacgacgcaggagcaagaggact
attagaccaagaatccaatgatttccaacaattagtcaatgatcaaccacagacactgcaatcattttta
caagaaaatatttaa
>Potential gene 70:68991..69293, 303 bp
atgtaccttgaaacgattgctacaacttccaaaaagactagcgagacatttaatataagcgtcgataaat
tgaaagacaaaaatattaacctacttttgaagaaccaaggcgtatataacggtttaatcggagttttgct
aatatacggtttgtttatcagcagtaatccaaaagaaatatgcgcagctattttagtgtatatcattggc
gttgctatttatggtggcctttcaagcaatattagtatctttttcaaacaaggcacattgccagtattgg
cactcatatcaatgctttggtaa
>Potential gene 71:69549..69731, 183 bp
atgatttcgaaattcccgtatgatggggttcctactctcatggatcagttaaataaatattatcactatc
agtttattatttcaatattattaacaatatatgtagtcgtaaaaggaaagaggacatgagaacttcggtg
ttgattggcattacataacgcttccaaacatattatttggtaa
>Potential gene 72:69950..70195, 246 bp
atgaaaacaaaaaatcttaatcactttatttatagcatttctaatctcagaaatgctataaaggacaacg
ccctctttcataactatataagtcaagaaaccaagacatttcaaacatctttaaccccttcaatagcaca
ttccctaaaacataaagcaataacaatgaacgatcaaaattccttacgtacttatgatgtgtcagtgaat
cgtctacacttaattgaacaaattctatgagaatag
>Potential gene 73:70230..70502, 273 bp
atgacaaaagaaagaagaacatttagttcagagtttaagttacaaatggttagattatataaaaatggta
agcttaagaatgaaattatacgaaagtatgatttaaaaccctcaattatctcaaattcgataaaacaaca
ccaaaatactggacccttcaatcatcaagataatttaaaaagtgatgaaaaagagttaataaaattacgc
aaagaagttcaacatttaaaaatggaacatgatgttttaaagcaaattttaaagttgatttag
>Potential gene 74:70901..71629, 729 bp
atgtctaaaaatatcaatcaagcaaatagtaaattaaatacgtcaaacaaaaaactaaaacaagcttatt
caaaatccgacagtaaaaacatgaaagttatatacatgcctcattggctagagttttattcaattgctat
acatagcgatgttacaagcaataaaaaaagatattataaatcatatagtagaggaacagtggtatatgta
aaactagggagtaatattggaagtgagttttctggtaatcatttttgtgtaatattagataacaaagaca
ataaaggaaaagaaacagttacaatagttccactttcttccaaaggtaataaaaattatttgaagttaaa
cgaatcggtgctaaatctaacagcaacagatttaaaaaaacagattatcgatatcagtagtaaagtacaa
gcattagcccaaaaatatagagaaattgacattaaacttagcacagaagataaaaagcttttgtctaact
taaatcaaaaagctaatgaactgtatagagtgataggtgtttattccaagcacaaagggaaagatacata
cgttaatatatcagcaattacaacaataagcaaaagacgtataagcaaaataaatgattctgatcctact
ggaacgataataatttcagaagatgacatgaatgaaatcgaaaagcaattaaagataaagttcttttcta
attgaattgtaatattacatctgatataa
>Potential gene 75:71998..72555, 558 bp
atgcacaacaataatgaattcaacaaaaaactgaaagattttataggtagcgataaacggatggctttag
taaagggttatgttaacgagtataaattaacaactgttttaagagctttaaataattccgattacacaaa
agggacgatacacactcgttcaataggcaacctaaaacaaatagtagataatcgaattattcctaaaaat
ataactcaaaacacaatcttcaaattgagtaatttaaccttagaggttaacctctatgaaagaaacacaa
tttatcacggagactttgctatttactatcctgtagaatctgctctaataatagaaacagatactcctag
gctaattaatcatataaataacaacccagtccaaaaaatatttataataacaacaaatgactggagcttt
aatacacttgaattagaaaaaatagtagacgaaactataatttatgatttaaaacaagaagatcctaaac
aatatgaaattttatataaaaataaacacggaaaattgccttattgatgaattaaaacgcaaacttag
>Potential gene 76:72647..74188, 1542 bp
atggaaatggcaaaagaacaagagttaatccttgtcttagactttggtagccaatacaaccaattaatta
cacgccgaattcgtgaaatgggcgtttatagtgaattacacgatcatgaaatttcaattgaagaaattaa
gaaaatgaatccaaaaggtattatcttatcaggtggtccaaattcagtttatgaagaaggttcatttaca
attgatccggaaatatataatttaggaattccagtacttggtatttgttacggcatgcaattaactacta
aattattaggtggtaaagttgaacgtgccaatgaacgtgaatacggtaaagcaatcattaatgcgaagtc
agatgagttattcgctggcttaccagcagaacaaactgtttggatgagtcattctgataaagttattgaa
attccagaaggctttgaagttatcgctgatagcccaagcacagactatgcagcaatcgaagataagaaac
gtcgcatttatggtgttcaattccatccagaagtacgtcatacagaatatggtaatgatttattaaataa
ttttgtccgtcgtgtttgtgattgtagaggtcaatggacaatggaaaactttatcgaaatcgaaattgaa
aagattcgtcaacgcgtaggagaccgtcgtgtattatgtgcgatgagtggcggcgtagattcatctgttg
tagctgtactattgcataaagcaataggtgatcaactaacatgtatctttgtagaccatggcttacttcg
taaaggtgaaggcgacatggttatggagcaattcggtgaaggtttcaacatgaatattattcgtgttaat
gcgaaagatcgctttatgaataaattaaaaggtgtttcagatcctgaacaaaaacgtaaaatcattggta
atgaatttgtatacgtatttgatgatgaagcatcaaaactgaaaggtgtagacttccttgcgcaaggaac
actatatacagacgtcatcgaatcaggtactaaaacagcacaaacaatcaaatcacaccacaatgttggt
ggattaccagaagacatggaattcgaattaatcgaaccaatcaatacattgtttaaagatgaagtacgta
aattaggtattgagttaggtattccagaacatttagtatggagacaaccattcccaggacctggtcttgg
tattcgtgtacttggagaaattactgaagataaactagaaatcgttagagaatcagacgcgattttacgc
caagtgattagagaagaaggtcttgaaagagaaatttggcaatacttcacagtgttaccaaacattcaat
cagtaggtgttatgggagactaccgtacgtatgatcacacagtaggtattcgtgcagtaacatctatcga
cggtatgacaagtgacttcgcacgcatcgattgggaagtcttacaaaagatttctagtcgtatcgtaaac
gaagtagatcacgtcaaccgcgtagtctatgacattacatcaaaaccaccaagcacaattgagtgggaat
aa
>Potential gene 77:74213..75679, 1467 bp
atgtgggaaagtaaatttgcaaaagaatcattaacgtttgatgatgtgttattaattccagcacaatctg
atattttaccgaaagacgttgatttaagcgtacaattatcagacaaagttaaattaaatattccagttat
ttctgctggtatggatactgtaactgaatctaaaatggcgattgctatggctcgtcaaggtggtttaggt
gttattcataaaaatatgggcgttgaagaacaagcggacgaagttcaaaaagtaaaacgctcagaaaatg
gtgtcatttcaaacccatttttcttaacgccagaagaaagcgtttatgaagcagaagcattaatgggtaa
ataccgtatttcaggtgtaccaattgttgataataaagaagatcgcaacttagtaggtattttaacaaac
cgtgacttacgttttattgaagacttctcgattaaaattgtagatgtaatgacgcaagaaaatttaatta
cagctccagtgaatacaacacttgaagaagcagaaaaaattctccaaaaacataagattgaaaagttacc
attagttaaagacggacgtctagaaggtcttattactattaaagatattgaaaaagttatcgaattccct
aatgcagcaaaagatgaacatggtcgtctacttgtagccgcagcaattggtatttcaaaagatactgata
ttcgtgctcaaaaattagtcgaagcaggtgtggatgtcttagttatcgatacagcacatggtcactctaa
aggtgttatcgatcaagtgaaacatattaagaagacttacccagaaatcacattagtagcaggtaacgta
gcaactgcagaagcaacaaaagatttatttgaagcgggtgcagatattgttaaagttggtattggcccag
gttcaatttgtacgacgcgtgttgtagcaggtgttggtgtaccacaaattacagcaatttatgattgtgc
aactgaagcacgcaaacatggtaaagctatcattgctgatggtggtattaaattctcaggagatatcatt
aaagcattagctgctggtggacatgcggttatgttaggtagcttattagcaggtactgaagaaagcccag
gcgcaacagaaattttccaaggtagacaatataaagtataccgtggtatgggctctttaggtgcgatgga
aaaaggttcaaacgaccgttacttccaagaggacaaagcgcctaagaaatttgttcctgaaggtatcgaa
ggacgtacggcttataaaggtgcgttacaagatacaatttaccaattaatgggcggtgtgcgtgctggta
tgggttatactggttcacacgatttaagagaattacgcgaagaagcacaatttacacgtatgggtcctgc
tggtttagcagaaagccatccacataatattcaaattacgaaagaatcaccgaactactcattctaa
>Potential gene 78:75717..76073, 357 bp
atggtcgtgttattacttatatgtggttgtatacctaagcttggcgcattagcaaatatcataccgctac
ctgtgttaggcggtgcgatgatagctatgtttggcatggtaatggcatatggtgttagtatattaggaca
tatcgattttaaaaatcaaaacaatttattaattatcgctgtatcagtaggattaggtactggtataagc
gctgtaccacaagcatttaaaggtttaggtgaacaatttgcatggttgactcaaaacggaattgttttag
gcgcaatctctgcaattattcttaatttcttttttaatggaataaagtataaacaaacggaagaaaatgt
gaaataa
