
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:313..1437, 1125 bp
atgacggtacaaagtgcatatatacatattccattttgtgtaagaatatgtacatattgtgatttcaata
aatattttatacagaatcaacctgtagatgagtacttagatgcactaatcacagaaatgtctacagcaaa
atataggatcttaaagaccatgtatgtaggtggcggcacaccaacggccctttctattaatcagttggaa
agattacttaaagcaatacgtgatacgtttacaatcacaggcgagtatacatttgaagcaaatcctgatg
agttaactaaagagaaagtccaactattagagaaatatggagtaaaaaggatttcaatgggcgttcaaac
attcaagccggagttattgtctgttttaggtagaacgcacaatactgaagatatttacacttcggtgtta
aatgctaaaaacacaggtattaaatcaatcagtttagatttaatgtatcatttaccgaaacagacgattg
aagattttgaacaaagtttagatctagctttagatatggatattcaacatatttcgagttacggcttaat
acttgaacctaaaacccaattttataatatgtatagaaaaggcttgctcaaacttcctaatgaggattta
ggtgctgacatgtatcagttgctgatgtctaagatagaacaatctcctttccatcaatacgaaatatcta
attttgcattagatggccatgaatcagaacataataaggtttactggtttaatgaggaatattatggatt
tggagcaggtgcaagtggttatgtagatggtgtgcgttatacgaatatcaatccagtgaatcattatatc
aaagctataaataaagaaagtaaagcaattttagtatcaaataaaccttctttgactgagagaatggaag
aagaaatgtttcttgggttgcgtttaaatgaaggtgtgagtagtagtaggttcaaaaagaagtttgacca
atctattgaaagtgtctttggtcaaacaataaataatttaaaagagaaggaattaattgtagaaaagaac
gatgtgattgcacttacaaatagagggaaagtcataggtaatgaggtttttgaagctttcctaataaatg
attaa
>Potential gene 2:1634..1909, 276 bp
atgttatattggcagccatcgacagagttaaaatgagcttataacaatggggccccaacacagaagctga
cgaaaagtcagcttactataatgtgcaagttggggtggggccccaacatagagaatttcgaaaagaaatt
ctacaggcaatgcaagttggggtgggacgacgaaataaattttgcgaaaatatcatttctgtcccactcc
cttatgcatgagttttactcatgtaattttatttttaaggacatattacatctggctaatgtgtaa
>Potential gene 3:1691..1882, 192 bp
atgcataagggagtgggacagaaatgatattttcgcaaaatttatttcgtcgtcccaccccaacttgcat
tgcctgtagaatttcttttcgaaattctctatgttggggccccaccccaacttgcacattatagtaagct
gacttttcgtcagcttctgtgttggggccccattgttataagctcattttaa
>Potential gene 4:2000..3823, 1824 bp
atggataatgagcaacgcttaaaaagaagagagaatataaggaatttctcgattatagcacatattgacc
acggaaaatctacattggctgatagaattttagaaaataccaaatcagttgaaacaagagatatgcaaga
tcagttactagattcaatggatttagaaagagaacgtggtattacaatcaaattaaacgcagtacgttta
aagtacgaagctaaagatggaaatacttatacattccatttaatcgatacgcctggacacgtcgatttta
catatgaagtgtcacgttctttggcagcttgtgagggcgcgattttagtagtagatgcggctcaaggtat
cgaagcacaaacattagcaaatgtttatttagcattagataatgagttagagttattgcctgttattaac
aaaattgatttacctgctgcagaacctgaacgcgtgaaacaagaaattgaagatatgataggtttagacc
aagacgatgttgttttagcaagtgctaaatctaacattggaattgaagagatactagagaaaatagttga
agttgtgccagctccagatggtgacccagaagcaccactaaaagcgttaatatttgattctgagtatgat
ccatatagaggggtaatttcatcgataagaattgtggacggtgttgttaaagccggagataaaattcgaa
tgatggccactggtaaagagttcgaagtaacagaagttggaattaatacacctaagcagcttccagttga
tgaattaacagttggtgatgttggttatattattgcaagtattaaaaatgttgatgattctagggttggt
gacaccatcacattagctagtagacctgcatcagaaccattgcaaggttataagaaaatgaatccaatgg
tatattgcggactgttcccaatagataacaaaaattataatgatttaagagaagcattagaaaaattaca
attgaatgatgcatcattagaatttgagcctgaatcgtcacaagcattaggttttggttatagaactggt
ttcttaggtatgttacacatggaaataattcaagaaagaattgaaagagaatttggtattgaattaattg
caactgcaccatctgtaatttatcaatgtgttttaagggacggttcagaagtgacggttgataacccagc
acaaatgccagatcgtgataaaattgataaaatatttgagccatatgttcgtgcaactatgatggttcca
aatgactatgtcggtgcagtaatggaattatgtcaacgtaaacgtggacaatttataaatatggactatt
tagatgatattcgtgtaaatattgtttatgaattacctttagctgaagttgtatttgatttcttcgatca
acttaaatctaatactaaaggatatgcatcatttgattatgaattcatcgaaaataaagaaagtaattta
gtcaagatggatattttattaaatggtgataaagtggatgcgctaagcttcatagttcatagagattttg
catatgaacgtggtaaagcattagttgaaaaacttaaaacgttaattccaagacagcaatttgaagtacc
tgtacaggctgcaataggacaaaaaattgtagcgcgtacaaatattaaatcaatgggtaaaaacgtttta
gctaaatgttatggcggtgacataagccgtaaacgtaaattacttgaaaaacaaaaagcaggtaaagcta
agatgaaagcagttggtaatgttgaaattccacaagatgctttcttggctgtattgaaaatggatgatga
ataa
>Potential gene 5:4169..4420, 252 bp
atggcaaatatcaaatctgcaattaaacgtgtaaaaacaactgaaaaagctgaagcacgcaacatttcac
aaaagagtgcaatgcgtacagcagttaaaaacgctaaaacagctgtttcaaataacgctgataataaaaa
tgaattagtaagcttagcagttaagttagtagacaaagctgctcaaagtaatttaatacattcaaacaaa
gctgaccgtattaaatcacaattaatgactgcaaataaataa
>Potential gene 6:4465..5439, 975 bp
atgagcgacaatattgtagctatttatggagatgtgcctgaattggttgaaaaacaaagtgcagaaatca
tatcacaatttttgaaaagtgatagagatgactttaactttgtgaaatataatttatacgaaacagagat
tgcaccaattgttgaagaaacattaacattgcctttcttttcagataaaaaagcaattttggttaaaaat
gcatatatatttacaggtgaaaaagcgccaaaagatatggctcataatgtagatcaattaatagaattta
ttgaaaaatatgatggcgaaaatttgattgtctttgagatatatcaaaataaacttgatgaaagaaaaaa
gttaactaaaactctaaaaaagcatgcaaggcttaaaaaaatagagcaaatgtctgaagaagaaataaaa
aaatggattcaaagtaaattaaatgagaatttcaaagatatcaaaagagatgcattagatttatttattg
agttgacaggtattaactttaatattgtctcacaagagatagaaaagttgattttatttttaggcgatag
accaacaattaataagcaggatgttaaccaaattattaatagaagtttagagcaaaatgtatttttactg
actgaatacattcagaaaagaaagaaagaacaagcaattcatttagtaaaagatttaataactatgaaag
aagaaccaattaaattacttgcactaattacaagtaattaccgattattttatcaatgtaagattctgag
tcaaaaaggatatagtggacagcaaattgctaaaacaataggagtacatccatacagagtaaaattagcg
ttaggacaagtaagacattatcaacttgatgaattattgaatattatagatgcttgtgcggaaactgatt
ataaacttaaatcatcatatatggataaacagttaatactggaattattcattctatctttataa
>Potential gene 7:5496..7820, 2325 bp
atgcagaagattatcataaccatgaatatgcaactaaattactcaaacaatctggtattgaatttaaaaa
aattccattttcaccagaatatgttgctaaatatctgactaaaggttaatgttttgctgtttgtcgcgtt
atcaatgattgtaggagtgctttggaattctagcaaagtgctctctacatttcttttcattttacttttg
tatattacttatcgtaaaaataaaatcgtttatgcccctatttctctctttttaatcattttctccgcat
ggtatttacattattcacaacaagcaatatttaattatatcaattatattgaacgtaattctcagtttaa
tgagcgtgctcaagtaatccaaattcaacgtcaaggtagtgacacatataaaggtaggttgagtttaaaa
aatgaaatatatcctttctttttaacagataaaaagaattttgatttaaagaaaattgaaagtcgtaatt
gtattgttaaaggacaattcaaagttaatgacaataagtttgtaactcttaaattacaaagtatagttgt
acaaagctgcctagaatcgaaccggtctaatttaattgagaaacataaacagtttataatgaatcgaatt
tatgattcgggtattaagtttccggatcgtattatggcattgattactggtgacgtaaaagaagttaatg
agcaatttaaggaacgtgttaaagagatagttatatatcatttgctggcagttagtggctcgcatatagc
tgcaattgtatttttaatttaccaacctttaaaacgattaaatttacctttatttgtcattaaaggaatt
acaatcattgtattagctttatttgctcaatacacaaattatgcacctagtgctgtaagagctataataa
tgacaactcttgtactggttattactaagcaaattaaaataaagagtattcagctattagcatttgcatt
tataattatgtttattttaaatccactagttgtttatgatattggatttcaattttcattcatcatttca
ttttttattatgctactttttccttttttacagcaattgtcaaagttacaatcattattcataattacgt
ttattgcacaattagcttcatttatcgttgccattccaagctttcatcaacttcaatgggtgggattttt
atctaatttgatttttgtaccgtactattcgattatattgtttccgctatctattttattctttattaca
agtcattttattgtgggattaacgccgctaaattacttggttgacctaagttttaattttcatgactggt
tactagacctattcacaagaatcaagcaatcacatttttctgttcccaagtttaatgattggatatttat
agtatttataatttctgtttattacatattttggttattggctaaacgtaaatatatattggttacgttt
tggactataattattctgacattattaataacgtttccaacaaattcacatcacaaaattacaatgttaa
atgtggggcagggagacagtattttatatgaaggcggtaagaaccaaaatgtcttgattgatacaggtgg
gaaagtgattgatgatactaaacaacctagttattcaatttctaaatatcatattttaccaacgctaaat
gaaagagggataaatgaattagagtatctaattttaacacatccacacaatgaccatattggtgaagtgg
aatatattattagtcatattaaaattaaacatatagtgatatacaataagggatatagtagtaatacatt
gatgttattatcgaaattaagccataagtacaacattaaacttatggatgtaagacaagttagtagtttt
aaacttggagatagtagttttctattttttgatagttttattccaaatagccgagataaaaatgagtatt
cgattattactatgattacatatcaaaataaaaaagttttattaatgggcgatgctagtaaaaataatga
atctttactactaaaaaaatataacttgccggagattgatattttaaaagtaggacatcatgggagcaag
acaagtagttctaaagaatttatagagatgattaagcctaaaataagtttgatttcttctgggaagaaca
atatgtatcatcttcctaatatagaagttgttaaacgattgcaaaggattcgcagtcgcatttacaatag
tcaacaaaacggtcaagttacaattgacttagatgataatttaaaagttgattcaagctcttatggaaat
gcaagtggtttatag
>Potential gene 8:7702..8133, 432 bp
atggcacaaagtcatttgctagcattacgttcaacttgtcaaagattatctgtaggtgcaacgattgtta
aggataatcgtattattgctggtggttataatggctctgtagctggcgaggtgcattgtatagatgaagg
atgtttaattgaagatggacattgtatcagaacgatacatgcagaaatgaatgctttattacaatgtgca
aaacaaggtgtatctactgaaggtgcaacaatctatgttactcattttccatgcctaaattgtacaaagt
caattattcaagcaggtataaagcgtatctactatgcagaagattatcataaccatgaatatgcaactaa
attactcaaacaatctggtattgaatttaaaaaaattccattttcaccagaatatgttgctaaatatctg
actaaaggttaa
>Potential gene 9:8255..8854, 600 bp
atggtattaattggttttatattctggagacaagatgattatacttcaagaaattttgaaaataaagata
ctgctctgaaacaaagcactagtgaaaatagtagtttgtccaaagtagaagatgtccaggtcaaagatgg
agataattccaaaaataagggtcctgtatatgtcgatgtaaaaggtgctgttaaacatcctaatgtttat
aaaatgacatctaaggatagagtagttgatttacttgataaagcacaattattggaggatgcagatgtaa
gtcaaattaatttgtctgaaaaattaacagatcaaaaaatgattttcatacctcataaaggacaaaagaa
tgttgaaccacaaattgaagtaaacagtgtgcacgaaaaaaatgggaacacaaataatactaaagtaaat
ttaaatacggcatctgtatcagaattgatgtctgttcctggagttgggcaagctaaagctaatgcaattg
ttgaatatcgcaaccaacaaggtgcatttcaagaaattgacgatttgaaaaaagtaaaaggttttggaag
taaaacttttgataaactgaaatcttatttcacgacataa
>Potential gene 10:8981..9697, 717 bp
atgtcgcaatatgcagaaatgagcctagtgtacgatcaattgactcaagatcaaccatatgaaaaatggt
ttgaaattgtaaaaaatcactgcaaagatgaatcaaatattttagatattggatgcggtactggtagttt
aacagttcaattagaagctttaggtaatgttactggtatggatttaagtgttgatatgttgactgttgca
gctcaaaaatcagcaaatgtaaattggcttgaaggagatatgacatcttttgatttgcaacaacaatttg
atatcatcactattttttgtgactctctaaattatttgcaagatgaaactgcagtgattgaaacattcat
caatgtttatcatcatctgactgattcaggtgtatttatttttgatgtacatactgtttataaaatgatg
actttgtttaataatcaaagttatattgatgataaaggggacatttttttagcatgggatgctgtgcaag
gagatttacctttaagtgtttatcatgatatgacatttttcattcgacatgaagatgaaacatattcaag
atttgatgagtctcattttcagagaacatttgatgaaaagacatatttgtcttggttagctcaagttggt
tttaaacatgttgaaacatttactgattttaatatagatgaacataatgaagatgcagaaagattgtttt
tcattgcgaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 11:9700..10053, 354 bp
atgaattcacaagaattattagcaattgctgtggatgcaattgacaataaaaaaggcgaagatacgattt
ctttagaaatgaaaggtatcagcgatatgacagattattttgttgtaacgcacggaaataatgaacgaca
agttcaagcgattgctagagcggtgaaagaagtagccaatgaacaaaatatagaagtaaaacgtatggaa
ggatacaatgaagcgcgttggatattaattgacttagctgatgttgtggtacatgttttccataaagacg
aaagaaattattataatattgaaaagttatatcaagatgcaccattagaatcatatagtcaggttgcgta
ttaa
>Potential gene 12:10054..10638, 585 bp
atgaacattgaaaaagcaaaacggcttgcaaaagagaaactgccagagaaacgttataatcattctttaa
gagttgcagaaacagcgattaaattggcagaaatttatgatggagacactagtaaagtagaattagcagg
tgtattacatgatttctgtaaatatgatgatttaggtaaaatgtatcaaattgttcgacaatacgaatta
ggtaatgatctactgagttatggtagtgaaatattgcatggccctgtgtgtgcagcaatcatggaacatg
aatatggtatcaatgatgaggaagtattaatggctatcaaataccatactactggacgtcaacaaatgac
aaaaactgaaaaactgatttttattgcagattacatcgaacctggaagaacaatcccaggagttgatgat
attcgagatatggcatacaatcaaggtagtttagataagacaatttatgaaatttctaaacgcacagtac
tatttttaatacagaaagatattacggtatataataagacgattgactgtttaaattattataactatag
tgacgaaagaataaaggatgattaa
>Potential gene 13:10580..11197, 618 bp
atgaaaaagatagtactttacggcggtcagtttaaccctatccatactgcacatatgatagtagctagcg
aagtatttcatgaattacagccagatgaattttattttttacctagttttatgtctccattgaaaaagca
ccatgattttatagacgttcagcacagattaacaatgatacagatgattatcgacgagcttggttttgga
gatatttgtgacgatgaaattaaacgtggtggtcaaagttatacctatgacacgatcaaggcattcaagg
agcaacacaaagacagtgagttgtactttgttattgggacggatcagtataaccaactagagaaatggta
tcaaattgaatacttaaaagaaatggttacttttgtagttgtaaatcgagacaaaaatagtcaaaatgtt
gaaaatgctatgattgcaattcagatacctagggtagatataagttcgacaatgattcgacaaagagtta
gtgaagggaaatctatccaagttcttgttcctaaatccgttgaaaactatattaagggggaaggattata
tgaacattgaaaaagcaaaacggcttgcaaaagagaaactgccagagaaacgttataa
>Potential gene 14:11200..11490, 291 bp
atgcttactggcaaacaaaaaagatacttaagaagtttagcacacaatattgatccgatttttcaaattg
gaaaaggcggtatcaacgaaaatatgattaaacaaatagatgatacgttagaaaacagagaattgattaa
agtacatgtactacaaaataactttgatgataaaaaagaattagctgaaacattaagcgaagctactcat
agtgaattagtgcaagtgattggatctatgatagtgatttatagagaatctaaagataataaagaaattg
aattgccataa
>Potential gene 15:11494..12300, 807 bp
atgaaatttgcagttataggaaatcctatttcacattccttgtcgcccgttatgcatagagcaaatttta
attctttaggattagatgatacttatgaagctttaaatattccaattgaagattttcatttaattaaaga
aattatttcgaaaaaagaattagaaggctttaatatcacaattcctcataaagaacgtatcataccgtat
ttagattatgttgatgaacaagcgattaatgcaggtgcagttaacactgttttgataaaagatggcaagt
ggatagggtataatacagatggtattggttatgttaaaggattgcacagcgtttatccagatttagaaaa
tgcatacattttaattttgggcgcaggtggtgcaagtaaaggtattgcttatgaattagcaaaatttgta
aagcccaaattaactgttgcgaatagaacgatggctcgttttgaatcttggaatttaaatataaaccaaa
tttcattagcagatgctgaaaagtatttagctgaattcgatatcgttattaatacaacaccagcgggtat
ggctggaaataacgaaagtattattaatttaaagcatctttctcccaatactttaatgagtgatattgtt
tatataccgtataaaacacctattttagaggaagcagagcgcaagggaaaccatatttataatggcttag
atatgtttgtttaccagggtgcggaaagctttaaaatttggactaataaagatgctgatattaattctat
gaaaacagcagttttacaacaattaaaaggagaataa
>Potential gene 16:12314..13942, 1629 bp
atgggtttagttcgcaagttttttatgccgaattcatatgttcaatcaatatttcaaattgatttagaca
agttagtggacaaaggcgttaaaggtattattacagatttagataatacgctagtaggttgggatgttaa
agaacctacagaacgtgttaaagcatggtttaaggaagctaatgaaaaaggaatcactattacaatcgtg
tctaataataatgagtctcgtgttgctagttttagtcagcatttagacatcgattttatttttaaagcga
gaaagccaatggggaaagcgtttgataaagcaataactaagatgaatatcagaccagatcaaactgttgt
tataggtgaccaaatgcttactgatgtatttggtggtaatcgtcgaggtctatatacaattatggttgtt
ccagttaaacgaactgatggctttattactaagtttaatagattaattgaaaggcgattattacgtcatt
tcagtaaaaaaggttatatcacatgggaggaaaattgattgtctgacattttaaaatgtatcggttgtgg
tgcgccacttcaatctgaagataaaaataaacctggttttgtaccagagcataatatgtttcgtgatgac
gtgatttgcagacgttgtttccgcttgaaaaattataacgaagttcaagatgtaggattagaaagtgaag
actttttaaaattattatcaggacttgcggataaaaagggtattgtcgtcaatgtcgtggatgtatttga
ctttgaaggatcatttattaatgcagttaaacgtattgtcggaaacaaaaaaatcattttagcagcaaat
aaattggatttattgccgaaacaaattaataaacgtcgagttaaagaatggttaaaacgaacagcaagaa
aatatggtttggaagctgacgatgtcgtattaatttcagctgaaaaaggctggggcatagacgacttatt
atcatcaattgcgaatattcgagaaaatgaagatgtgtatattgtagggacaacgaatgttgggaaatct
acattgattaataaactgattgaagctagtgttggtgaaaaagatgtagtaacaacttcaagattccctg
gaacaactttagatatgatagatattcctttagatgaaacatcatttatgtatgatacaccaggtattat
tcaagatcaccaaatgacgcatttagttagtgaaaaagaattgaaaattattatgcctaagaaagaaata
aaacaacgcgtatatcaattaaatgaggcgcagacattattcttcggcggtctagcgcgcatagattatg
tatcaggtggtaaacgtccgttagtttgtttcttttctaatgacttgaatatacatcgtactaaaacgga
gaaggctaatgatttatggcgtaatcaacttggcgatttattaacgccacctggaaatccacaaaatttt
gatcttaatgaggtaaaggctgttagacttgaaacaggcaaagagaaacgcgatgttatgatctctggtc
taggctttataactataggaccaggggctaaagtaatcgttcgtgttcctaaaaatgttgatgttgtatt
aagaaattctattttataa
>Potential gene 17:13962..14648, 687 bp
atgattggtataattggtgccatggaagaagaagtaacaatattaaaaaataaattaacacaattaagcg
aaatttcagttgcacatgttaaattttatactggcattttaaaagatagagaagtagtgattacccaaag
tggcattggaaaagttaatgctgcaatttctacgacattattaattaataagtttaaaccggacgtcatt
attaatacaggttctgctggagctttagatgaaagtttaaatgtaggtgacgttcttataagtgatgatg
taaaatatcatgatgcagacgcaacagcatttggttatgaatatggacaaataccacagatgccggtagc
atttcaatcaagtaaacctttaatagaaaaagtatctcaagttgtacaacaacaacaattaacagctaaa
gtaggcttaattgtaagtggtgatagctttatcggtagtgttgaacaacgccaaaaaattaaaaaagcat
ttccaaatgcgatggcggttgaaatggaagcaactgcaattgcacaaacatgttatcaatttaatgtacc
atttgttgtagttcgtgcagtttcagacttagcaaatggagaagcggaaatgagcttcgaagcattttta
gaaaaagcagctgtatcatcaagtcaaactgttgaagcattagtgtctcaattataa
>Potential gene 18:14962..15231, 270 bp
atggctgaaaataatcaaaatagtctcgtaacaaagatagctacatacggcagttttattgcaattgcgt
cgtttgtcattttatttataagtatatttttaaagttttcatttaatatcgagtttacagcaacaattat
gaacatatgtcgctacactctaattctaggatttatacttatgtccttacctgatgttgttgataaaaac
atcaagaaaattatattcgatgcatttattatcatcgtctttatcttctttttactatag
>Potential gene 19:15433..16038, 606 bp
atgtcattcatcaatccaactcagcttgaaaataaaaacacaaacgatagactgttgaagcatgatttgt
tatttcatgacatgttcgtaaatgatgattggaaaaaggattttaaagttgaatttgaaaatgaggcact
ttcaaagaaatttataaataaggatatcgatatatttgctggaaattatggatacggatgtcatggggga
gcaaccaataaaacgcaatgtagttatggtggtgttactttaagtgacaataataaatacgatgattata
agaatataccttgtaatttatggattgacggacatcaaacagaaatagaactaactgcagtaaaaacgaa
aaagaaaattgttactattcaagaattagaggttcaattaagaaattatttgaatgagaagtataagttg
tacgaacaaggtggcgacattgttaaagggtatgttaaatattataatgatgatgaacaaaatgtagaat
atgatttttataatttaaatggtgagtatggtcgtgaggtattaaaaatgtatgctgataataaaactat
caatagtgacaaattgcatttagatatctatttattcaaatcataa
>Potential gene 20:15956..16228, 273 bp
atgtcatgaaataacaaatcatgcttcaacagtctatcgtttgtgtttttattttcaagctgagttggat
tgatgaatgacatcttagcattacttagacgctttgaatcaaacttacttttatgatgtaagtctgaata
ttcgattgcactcgctgaatttgtaaaaattccttctaacaataatattaaaataaatcctgttaaatat
ttaacttcaaactcccccaaaacaattattaatttacatttgagagcgagacataaatgataa
>Potential gene 21:16247..16591, 345 bp
atgtgatcagctatacttatagtatttgtaagatcgcgtaattgcttcattgaaaaaatatatttgttga
gagtggtgcatgacaaatgtactgctctttttgttgtgtatcagtattgtgatgttttaatgagaatatt
atatgaatcattatgaaatttaataaaaataaaagaaatgattatcattttttcttatatactgttaaac
ggtttggaatttttaggtatacactgtattggttgatataactcaactaataattgcgaacagagtattt
caaattgaaaagtattatgagcgtgatacataatcaaaattgtaggctcaagaaccactacataa
>Potential gene 22:16599..17819, 1221 bp
atgggttacagaactttaaaaagtatttttcatgaacacaatgaaagtaaaatgaaggaagagtatatta
aaagatttaattctttagcttctttcaatactaatattaatatcatacctatggaaaatggaaaaaaagt
taatgatttggaatatcctctattctttatggtgactaaaaatctatcaaaaaaacaagaattaatatca
attaatagtagaaaaattgatagagcacttaattctttaccatatgcagctagagaacaatattttaatg
atttattaatcgatgaattacaaagtactaatgaaattgaaaatgtatttagtactaaacaagagattgc
acatgcgttaaataaccaagcatcagaatttcttaagttcagaggcctcgtggatcaatataaagagata
gaacttaataaaaaaattaaagttgataatgtaagagacattagagcgatttatgataaattagtttcaa
atgaaattaacgaacaagataagttagatggagagctatttcgtaaaaattttgtcggtgtgcatgatgg
gtcaacgaataaatatatacatgttgggttacaacctgaaaccaaaattgttgaatttataggtgaaatg
ctaacatttttaaaatattttgatgcgcctcagccgttcaaaatcatggctagtcattatctgtttgaat
atatacatcctttttatgatggcaatggtagagttggaagatttataattgccaagctcttgagtgatta
ttatgataattatactgctttgacattttcatatgttataaatagaaataaatcgaaatattacaaggcg
tttatgactgcttcaaatcatttgaattgtggtgatttgacggaatttattgacacaatgcttgagctat
tgatagcaggacaagaaagaatacttgatgagttaataccaaaaatggatgcgactgaaaaattaacgct
ttatttaactagtcattataaacagatagattatgaatttttgtatctcctttcaatggataaattgttt
ggaaataaaagaaatagattaacattaattgatttagaaaacatattgggagtaggaagagtaaaaatta
ataatacaattaaaaaatatgataactacttagttaaaattaaaagtagaccaacaatttatgagataag
tgatgaatttctaaattcgattataaaataa
>Potential gene 23:18108..19337, 1230 bp
atggggagaaatttaaagcttaaaaaagaaagtgactttgaattcacaaaaaatcataaaaggttattat
taggttctgtatttttgatggcaacttctgcaattgggccagcatttttaacgcaaacagcagtatttac
atcacaattttttgcaagtttcgcatttgccatattactgtctatcatcattgacattggtgcacaaatt
aatatatggcgcatattagttgtaactggtttaagaggtcaagaaatatcaaataaagttgttcctgggc
ttggtactgttatctcaatattgattgcatttggtggtctagcttttaatattggtaatattgctggtgc
cggtttaggtttaaatgcaatttttggattagatgtaaaatggggcgcagctattactgcaatctttgca
atattaatctttgtaagtaaaagtggccaaaaaattatggacgttgtttcaatgattcttggtattgtga
tgattttagttgtggcatatgtgatgtttgtttctaatccaccttatggtgatgcttttgtgcatacatt
tgcgccagaacatccaatgaaattagtcttgcccatcattacgttagttggtggaactgtaggtggttat
attacctttgcaggtgcacatcgtatattagactctggcattaaaggtaagcaatatttaccatttgtaa
atcaatcagcaattgctggtattttaactacaggtattatgagaacgttactattcctagcggtattagg
agttgttgtaacaggtgtgacactaagttctgaaaatccaccagcgtcagtttttgaacacgcaattgga
ccaattggaaagaatatttttggtattgtgttatttgctgcagctatgtcatcagtaattggctcagcat
acacaagcgcaacatttttaaaaacacttcataaatcacttaacgaaagaagtaatttaattgtgattgt
gtttatcgttatttcaacaatgattttcttatttattggaaaaccaatcagccttttaattatagcaggc
gcgataaatggatggattttacctattacgttaggtgcaattttgattgcaagtaaaaagaaatcaattg
ttggtgattataaacacccaaattggatgttcatctttggtatcgttgcagtacttgttacaatattgac
aggtatattctcattcaaagaagtacttcagttattttaa
>Potential gene 24:19350..20102, 753 bp
atgcgagttgatttgaattgtgatttaggcgaagcatttggaaattattcctttggtggtgatcatcaaa
ttattccgttaattacaagtgcgaatgttgcttgtggttttcacgctggtgatgaaaatgtaatgaatga
aacggtaaaacttgccaaagcacataatgttgcagtaggtgcacatcctggtttacctgatttgaaaggc
tttggcagacgaaatatagatatctctaacgacgagatttataatttgatgatttatcaattaggtgcat
tacaagggttttgtcgcattcatcaagttaaaattaatcatgttaaaccgcatggtgcattgtatcagat
gggtgcaaaagacagagaaatagcaaacgttatagcacaagctgtttatgactttgatccatcactagtg
ttagtaggattagcaaattcatatctaatttcagaagcaaagaatgtcggattaattacagcttctgaag
tgtttgctgatagacgatacgaagatgatgggcagctcgttagtagaaaagaaagtgatgctgtgattac
tgatactgacgaagcacttaagcaggttttaaagatggtgaaggaaaataaagttatttcaaaaaacaat
aaggaagtaacgttacaagcagatacaatttgtgtgcatggtgatggagaacatgcattattatttgttt
cgaaaattagagaaattttaatgaaagaaggcattgatattcaatccttatag
>Potential gene 25:20102..21463, 1362 bp
atgcttcgttgtttaattgcgaacagaggtgaaattgctgtaaggattataagagcttgcagagaatatg
ggattgaaactgtagcagtttatgcaaaaggggacgagcaaagcttgcatgtacatttagcagatcaagc
tatatgtattggggaagctaatgctttagatagttatttaaatattgaccgcatcatatctgctgcacaa
atcactggtgctaatgcaattcacccaggatatggctttttatcagaatcaacaaaatttgctcaaaccg
ttgaggaacaaggcatagcgtttatagggcctactaaaaaaacgatggaaatgatgggggataaaataac
agcaagacaaacagttcatcatgcaggtgttcctgtgattccaggatcaaatggtgctgtgaatcatgtg
tctgaaattgagaatcttgccaaagacatcggttatccagttgttatcaaagctgccagtggcggtggtg
gtaaaggtatacgtattgtaaagaaagctgaagatttagaaaaggcatttaaagaagctaaaagtgaagg
aaaaaaatactttgatgatgatcgtgtttatgttgaggcttttatacctgttgcaaaacatgttgaagtt
caagttatgggagatgggcaggataattatgtacatttaggggaacgtgattgttctgtacaacgtaaaa
atcaaaaattaatcgaagaatctccttgtgcagcattaactgaagaaagacgacaacaaatatgtaacga
tgctgttaaagttgcacgtgcagcaaattatagaagtgcaggtacgattgaatttttagtaactgatacc
gcacattactttattgaaatgaatgctcgaatacaagttgaacatactgttacagagatgcgagcagaac
gtgatttggttgcagcacaactgtatttattggaacataatcatttacctttttcacaaagcgatattca
atttaatggtcatgtgatagaagcgagaataaatgccgaaaatcctgaaaagaaatttcaaccaacacca
ggtaaagtgacagcgttacatttacctcaaggctttaatgtgcgagtcgattctttactatatcacggtt
atcaagtttcaccatattatgattctttagtagctaaagtaattgtaaaatctcatgatagagcttcagc
aattgataagttgaaagtcaccttagatgaaatggtgatagatggattttctacaactgccgatttttta
tatgcagttttaaattatccactatatcgtgatggagatgcaaaagatgttgatattaaatttttagaaa
aacatcaaattgttaaaggggtggaattataa
>Potential gene 26:21477..21926, 450 bp
atgaatattgaaaaaatcgaacaaataatcaaattagtgaaggaaaatgatgttaagaaatttaaatata
aaaattttgaagatgaaatagaaattgacttcactgactcgaatcatttggctgcacacagtaatcaatc
aaatcaaagtatgaacaataatgatttgacagcttcaaaagcgaatgataactccgatgtttcgacaaat
gattatcatgacattaaatcaccaatgataggtacattctttttacaagatagtaaagaattaactgaac
caattgtgaatgtcggtgacaaagttaacaagggagatattataggatatgttgaagcgatgaaagtatt
aaacgaggtaacaacagatgttgctggagaaattactgaaatagtagctgatcatggcacaaatgttgaa
tacgaccaagttttggtacgtattaagtaa
>Potential gene 27:21928..23016, 1089 bp
atgaacagaaatttatacaaatcgaaagagatatatcagatggcaactttaatgttgatgactgggtggt
gattgaaaatgtcaattaagattttacaaccaggtctcttttcaacggtacaagatctaggaagaatagg
ttatgaacatattggattttcaggcgcaggtgccatggatcaatttagttttaaggttgcgcagtcatta
attaacaatgatggtccagcgattgaatatactttgattggtcctaccattcaatttaatacgcaaaata
catttgttataaccggtggtagtattaatgcttcgctaaataataaaactatatcaatgaattctgtcat
attagctgagaaaggtgacattttaaaaataggtgctataaccaaaggtgcacgcggttatcttactttt
ggtcattctatcaacgtaccttctattgctgaaagttatgcaacacatacccgaagcagtataggaggat
tcaaaggtagaaagttattagctgatgatgtaataacagtgaaaataaataatgactttaaagaaaacat
tggaaagacgattcatttacaggacgatttattgccagaaaataatattatacacattcttcaaggacct
caattcgaggcattttctgaagaggctagagcgaaaattgtaaatcatccatatttaattactgaacaat
cagaccgtatgggctatcgtttggaaggtgacagcgttgcaccaattaatcaagcagatatcatttctga
accggttgctcttggtagtgttcaggtaccaaatgatggtcaacctattattctgcttaatgataaacaa
acgataggtggttataccaaaattgcaactgtatgcaaatttgatctgccaaagttagcacagatgaaac
cacaagatacaattcaatttaaatggatatcattccaagaagctgtagataagaatcgggaacaaatgtc
tctgtttaatgaaattcttaagagtcatcaaaagactccaatttttgatacatctagcttgcgacatact
tcgaaaaaattagcaacaattttaaaaggggatttgtaa
>Potential gene 28:22928..23629, 702 bp
atgatttattttgaaaataaaatatccgaagagacatatcgtaatgtcacagcaatggtacggtggatac
gagaaaaagaaatattagaaattcaagatattgtcccttcgtatcgagcagttctaatatattttgatga
acaagctataacatcttctaaattaattgaaaatttagaacttaacaaatttaatgaaaaaaatgttcat
gctgtgaatcaaaccaatcgtattattaaaatacctgttcaatatggtggtacatatggaccagatattg
aagaagtagcaaagcataatcgaataactgttgagcaagttattgaaaaacatacaagtaaaccttattt
aatatatatgctaggatttatgccaggatttccatacttaggcggacttgatgaacaactacatacacct
agacgtaatcagccaaggttaaaaattcatgcaggttctgtaggtattgcgaataatcaaacaggactat
atccatcagattctcctggcggatggcaaattattggacgcacaccgttaaaagtatttagcagcgagcg
tgaaccaatgtcaatgtacgaagcaggagaatggatacaattttatgcaatagatgaacagaaatttata
caaatcgaaagagatatatcagatggcaactttaatgttgatgactgggtggtgattgaaaatgtcaatt
aa
>Potential gene 29:23988..24464, 477 bp
atggaaaatcaaaagcaatatccaatgactcaagaaggttttgaaaaattagagcgtgaacttgaagaat
taaaaacagttaagcgtcctgaagttgtagagaaaattaaagttgcacgttcatttggtgacttatcaga
gaactctgagtatgatgcagcaaaagatgaacaaggattcatcgaacaagatattcaaagaattgagcat
atgttaagaaatgcattaatcattgaagatactggagataacaacgttgttaaaattggtaaaacagtaa
cgtttgtagaattaccaggtgatgaagaggaaagttatcaaatcgttggttcagctgaatcagatgcatt
taatggtaagatttcaaatgaatcaccaatggctaaagcgttaattggtaaaggtttagatgatgaagtt
cgtgttccactacctaatggtggcgaaatgaacgtaaaaattgttaatatccaataa
>Potential gene 30:24492..25115, 624 bp
atgaaagctactacaatcattggcatagctggtggatctggctcaggaaaaacaactgtaactaacgaaa
ttatgaaaaacttagaaggtcatagtgtcgctttacttgctcaagattactattataaagatcaaaagca
cttgactttcgacgagcgcctagaaaccaattatgaccatccatttgcattcgataatgatttattaatt
gaaaatcttaaagacttgaaaaatggtaaagcagtagaagtaccgacatatgattatgctagtcatacaa
gaagtgacattaccattgattttaaacctaaagatgttattatcgtagaaggcattttcgctttagaaaa
taaggtattacgtgatatgatggatgttaaaatatatgttgatacagatgcagacttgagaatattacgc
cgtttaacacgagatactaaagagcgtgggcgttcaatggactctgttatcaatcaatatttaagtgttg
ttagacctatgcatgaccaatttattgaaccgactaagaaatatgctgatataattattcctgaaggtgg
gagcaataaagttgcaatagatattatgacaacaaaaattcagtctttagttagcaagcaatag
>Potential gene 31:25115..26383, 1269 bp
atgaagacaatagaagagattaaatcaactcctaaaacagttatgaagaaaccagaattattagcacctg
ctggaaacttagaaaagttaaaaatagcagtacattatggcgctgatgccgtatttttaggtggtcaaga
atatggattacgttcaaatgctgataatttcacgatggaagaaatagctgaaggtgttgaatttgcgaac
cgttacggtgccaaaatttatgttacgacaaatattattgcacatgatgagaatattgaaggtctagaat
catatttgcgtaatttggaaaagactggtgcgacaggtatcattgttgcagatcctttaattatcgaaac
atgtaaagaagttgcgccaaaacttgaaattcatttatctactcaacaatcactttctaattacaaagct
gtagaatattggaaagaagaaggattggatcgtgttgtattagcacgtgagaccggcgcgatggaaatgc
gtgaaatgaaggaaaaagtagatattgaaatcgaagcatttattcatggtgctatgtgtatcgcctattc
aggtagatgtacattaagtaatcatatgactgcaagggattccaacagaggcggttgctgtcaaagttgc
cgttgggattatgaattattagaagttgatgataatggtgaacttgatgttttttataatcaaggtgaag
ttacaccgtttgcgatgagtcctaaagatttaaaattaatcgaatcaattcctcaaatgatggatattgg
tgtggactcattaaaaattgaaggacgtatgaagtcaattcattatattgcaacagttgtctcagtatat
cgtaaagtcattgatgcgtatgcggcagatcctgacaactttaagattaatccggaatggttaatagagt
tagataaatgtgcaaatagagacactgcaccagcattctttgagggaacacctggttatgaagaacagat
gtttggtcaacaacaatctaaaaaatcaccatttgatttttgtggtttggtattagactataatgaagat
acaaaaattgcgactattcaacaacgaaataactttaaaccaggtcaagaaatagaattctttggtccag
aaattgaaacatttacacaagtagtagaagcaatttatgatgaagaaggtaacagcttagacgcggcgcg
ccatccattacaaatcgttcaaattaaagtggatcgcccgatatatccaaacaacatgatgagaaaggaa
attggctaa
>Potential gene 32:26395..27324, 930 bp
atgactatgacagaattacttgtcacacccaagtcattaagccatatggaaacacttattgatttaggtg
cagatgcttttgtaattggcgagcaaaagtttggtttaagacttccaggggaattcaatagacaacaaat
gacagaggctgtcgcattagctcacaaaaacgataaaaaagtatatgcggcagtgaatggattatttcat
aattatcatttagatgctgtagaagattatattaattttttacatgaaatacgagttgacagaattattt
tcggggatccagcagtagtaatgtatgtgaaggcgcaagaaaatccaataccacttcattggaatgcaga
gacgttagtaactaatcattttcaatgtaattactggggtaaaagaggcgcatcaagagctgtcttagca
cgtgagctgaatttggatgaaattattaatataaaagaaaattcaaatgtggaaattgaggtgcaagttc
aaggaatgacttgtatgtttcaatcaaagcgtatgctactaggcaattattatacgttccaagatcgcca
aatgaaaattgaacgtcgcaatgatgaacaatctttattactttatgatgaagaaagacaaaataattac
ccagtttacgaagattacaatggtacgcacattatgtcaccaaacgacatttgtttaattgaagaattag
caccattttttgaggcgggtatagattcatttaaaatcgatggtattctacaaacggaagaatatattaa
tgtggtaacggaacagtatcgtcaagcgatagatttgtacaatgaagatcctgaaatctatgaagatgag
aaatttatgttgatggatccaattgaagaaattcaacctgatcatcgaccatttgacgaaggtttcttat
ataaacaaacagtatattaa
>Potential gene 33:27285..27959, 675 bp
atggatgacctaaataaaaaatatttaatagatttacatcaacatcaaaatagttcaatcgaagttttgc
gtgaatttgccgaggtaaatgaagtgccaattgtagatcgtttaacattagatttaattaagcaattaat
tcgtatgaataatgttaaaaatattttagaaattggtacagcaatcggctatagttctatgcaattcgct
tctatatctgatgacattcatgtcacaacgatagagcgtaatgaaacgatgattcaatatgctaaacaaa
atttagctacttatcattttgaaaaccaggttcgaattattgaaggtaatgctttagagcaatttgaaaa
tgtaaatgacaaagtttatgatatgatatttattgatgcagcaaaagcgcaatcaaagaaattttttgaa
atatatacaccacttttaaagcaccaaggtctcgtaattacagataatgttttatatcacggttttgtat
cggatattgggattgttagatcgagaaatgtaagacaaatggttaaaaaggttcaagattataatgagtg
gttaataaagcaaccaggatatacaacgaattttttaaatatagacgatggattagcgatttcaattaaa
ggagaatgactatgacagaattacttgtcacacccaagtcattaa
>Potential gene 34:28244..28552, 309 bp
atgactgaacataatcatgattcacaactagaaattaataacgaagaagaattattaactttattcgatg
aagagggaaatgaagttttataccgaaaagttttagaattttatcatcctgaattcaaaaaagagtatgt
tatcttagctgaagaaggtgctcaatcagatgaagacgatatgattgagcttgtaccaatgatcaatgaa
ccagatgagtcaggtgacggtggtaagttagtaccaatcgaaactgatgaagaatgggacatgattgaag
aagttgtaaatactgaaatggaagaataa
>Potential gene 35:28567..28995, 429 bp
atgttacaacataaaattttaggactcgatgtcggtagtagaacggtaggaattgcaattagtgatataa
tgggttggacggcacaaggattagacacactccgaatcaatgaagaaaataatgaattaggtattgacca
attagtagacattattaaaaaacataatgtgggtacagtcgtaataggactacctaaaaacatgaataat
tcaataggatttcgaggcgaagcttcgttaacatataaagaaaaattattagaagcttatccttctattg
agattgtgatgtgggatgaaagattaagcacaatggctgctgaacgatcattattagaagcagatgtttc
aagacaaaaaagaaaacaagtgattgataaaatggcagcggtatttattttacaaggctatttagattca
ctacattaa
>Potential gene 36:28999..29259, 261 bp
atggaaaactttgataaaacaatgaaattcgactatgaagaacttccaacgcaagatgtaagagatgttt
taaataatgtttatcgaacattagatgaacgaggatataatgccgtaaaccaaattgtaggttatttatt
atcaggtgaccctgcgtatattccacgccaaaatgaagcaagaaatcaaattcgtcatattgatagagat
gttattatggaagagcttgtttcttactatttaaaagagcaaaataaataa
>Potential gene 37:29322..31955, 2634 bp
atgatgaaaaagttaaaagcgagtgaaattagacaaaaatatctagatttctttgttgaaaaaggacata
tggttgaaccttctgcaccattagtgccaattgatgatgatacattattatggattaattcaggtgtagc
aacattaaagaaatattttgatggacgtgaaacacctaaaaagccaagaattgtaaactctcaaaaagct
attcgtacaaatgatattgaaaatgttggtttcacagcgcgtcaccatacattctttgaaatgttaggta
acttctcaattggtgattattttaaacaagaagcgattgaatttgcttgggaatttttaacgagtgataa
atggatgggtatggagccagataaattgtacgttacgattcatccggaagatatggaagcatacaacatt
tggcataaagatattgggcttgaagaaagtcgtattattcgcattgaaggtaacttctgggatattggtg
aagggccttcaggaccgaacactgagattttctatgatcgcggagaagcatatggacaagacgatccggc
agaagaaatgtatccaggtggagaaaatgaacgctatcttgaagtatggaacttagtatttagtgaattc
aatcataataaagatcatagttacacaccattacctaataaaaatattgatactggcatggggcttgagc
gtatggcctcagtttctcaaaatgtacgtactaactatgaaacagatttatttatgcctataatgaatga
aatcgaaaaagtatcaggtaaacaatatttagtaaacaacgaacaagatgtggcatttaaagtaattgct
gaccacattcgtacgattgcatttgcaatttctgatggtgcattacctgccaatgaaggtagagggtatg
tattacgtcgattgttacgtcgtgccgttcgttttagtcaaacgttaggaatcaatgagccatttatgta
caaacttgttgatattgttgcagacattatggaaccatattatccaaatgttaaggaaaaagcagatttc
attaagcgtgttataaagtctgaagaagaacgattccatgaaacattagaagatggtttagcgattttaa
atgaattaattaaaaaagctaaagcgacaacaaatgaaattaatgggaaagatgcatttaaattgtatga
tacgtatgggttcccaattgaattaactgaagaaatagcagtgcaagcaggattgaaagttgatatgaca
acattcgagtcagaaatgcaacaacaacgtgatcgtgcacgtcaagcacgtcaaaattctcaatcaatgc
aagttcaaagtgaagtattgaaaaatattacatctgcaagtacttttgttggttatgatactgcgacagc
tcaaacaacactaacacacttgatatacaatggtgaagaagtttcacaagttgaagcgggtgaaacagta
tacttcatgttaacggaaacaccattttatgcaatcagtggtggacaagttgcggatacaggtattgttt
ataatgacaattttgaaattgctgttagtgaagtaaccaaagcaccaaatggtcaaaacttgcataaagg
agtagtacaatttggccaagtaaatgttggcgctacagtgtctgctgaagtgaaccaaaatgatcgacgt
gacattcaaaagaaccatagtgcaacacatttattacatgcagcgttgaaatcagtactgggtgatcatg
ttaaccaagctggttcactagtagaagcagatcgtttacgttttgatttctctcattttggtccaatgac
taatgatgaaattgatcaagttgaacgcttagtaaatgaagaaatttggaaaggtattgacgttaacatt
caagaaatggatattgcttcagctaaagaaatgggcgcaatggcattattcggtgaaaaatatggtgatg
ttgtgcgtgtagtaaatatggcaccattttcaattgaattatgtggtggtattcatgtccgcaatacttc
tgaaattggcttattcaaaatagtaagtgagtcaggtacaggagctggtgtgcgtcgtattgaagcatta
acaggtaaagcagctttcttatatttagaagatattcaagagaaatttaatacgatgaaatcacagctga
aagtgaaatctgatgatcaagtagtcgataagttaacacaattacaagatgaagaaaaagcattattaaa
acaattagagcaacgtgacaaagaaatcacatcacttaaaatgggtaatattgaagatcaagttgaagaa
atcaatggctataaagtattggttactgaagtggatgtaccaaatgcgaaagcaattcgctcgacaatgg
acgattttaaatctaaactacaagatacaattatcattcttgcaagtaatgttgatgataaagtatcgat
ggttgcaactgtccctaaatctttaacaaataacgttaaagccggtgatcttatcaaacaaatggcacca
atcgttggtggtaaaggtggcggtcgtccagatatggctcaaggtggcggtacacaacctgaaaatatct
caaaatcattaagctttattaaagattacattaaaaatctataa
>Potential gene 38:32283..34814, 2532 bp
atgcgctgaaaacattcactaaaatgaaagaggaggagtaacatgtcagaccctacactatttgattatt
caatgatcaaaggtactgttgaagcgatattgtttcaaaacagtgataatttttatacagtgcttaaagt
agatactattgaaacaaatgaagactttgatacaatgccaactgttgtagggtttcttccgaatattgtt
gaaggcgatgtctacacatttaaagggcaagttgttgatcatccacgttatggtaaacaattaaaagcag
agacttttgaaaaagaaatgccacaaacgaaagaagcaattataagttatttatctagtgatttgtttaa
aggtgtaggtaaaaagacagctcaaaatattgttaatacattaggtgacaatgcgataaatgatatatta
gatgaccattcagtgctagaaaaagtttcgggattatctaaaaagaaacagaaacaaattgcagaacaaa
tttcagcaaatcaagaatctgaaaaaataatgattcgtttacatgatttagggtttggtcctaaactttc
aatggcaatttatcagttttatctcggcgatacactgactattttagatcgaaatccatatcaattgatt
tatgatattaaaggtattggttttaataaagcagatcaacttgctagaaatattggtatcgcttataacg
ataatgaacgattaaaagctgcgttgctctatacgttagaagaagaatgtattaaacagggacatacata
tttgcctatcaatgttgttatagatttaacggttgatgtattaaattatcaagatgaagaggtcatcgaa
cctgaaaaattagacgaaatgttgcaatacttaaatgaggaaaaacgactaattattgacaatgaacaag
ttgcaattccaagtttgtattattctgaaatcaaaagtgttcaaaacttattcagaataaagacgcatac
aaataaacttacagaaattgaacagtcagatttacaaatgcatattggtgaaatagaagatgcgaatcaa
gtgaactatgcagcttcacaaaaagaagctttgcaaacggctatcaattctaaggtgatgctattaaccg
gtggaccgggaacaggaaaaacgacagtaattaaaggtattgttgaattatatgctgagattcatggctt
atcattagattatgatgattatgtcaatgatgattatccagttgtattagcagcgccaacaggaagagcg
tctaagagactacaagagtcaactggattagaagcaatgacgattcatcgtttaataggttggaatcaag
acacaaagccagaggatatattagaaaatgaaataaacgcacgactcataatcattgatgagatgtctat
ggtagatacttggttgttccaccaatttttaagtgcagttcctttagatgcacaattgatatttgtaggt
gatgaggaccaattgccttctgtaggtcctggtcaagtatttaaagatttaattgaatcgaaagctatac
cacgagtaaatctgactgaagtatatcgtcaacaagatggttcaagcattatagaattagcacatcgaat
gaagttgggtcagaaaattgatattacacagcgttttcatgatagaagttttattaactgtcaggcaaac
caaataccaacagttgttgagaaggtagttactagtgctgttaataaagggtatactatggctgatattc
aagtgcttgcaccaatgtataaaggaaatgccggtattaaacgtttaaatcaagttttacaagatatttt
aaaccctaaaaagaaagacacacgagaaattgagtttggtgatgtagtctttagaaaaggtgacaaagta
ttacaacttgttaataggccaaatgataacatattcaatggtgacataggagttattgttggtatttttt
gggcgaaagaaaatgcccttaataaagatgtacttgttgtggattttgaaggtaatgaaattacatttac
gaaacaagatatgatggaattaacacatgcttattgtacatcaatccataaatcacaaggttcagaattt
cctattgttatcatgcctattgttaaacagtattttagaatgttacaaagaccgatattatatactggtt
taactagagcgaaaacgagtttagttttacttggtgatccggaagcatttgatattggattgaaaacaaa
tggtcaagcgcgtttaacacaattatgtacattgttgaaaaattattttaattcagaagatgaagaaatg
ctggaaaacacagcaactaatgatacaggagcttcacaaacgacaatagatgatcaagtagaagcgccaa
tgtcatcgaatgatagtgaagaagttatgtctgattcaacaaaaacagatacaaatgtattaacggaagc
tacaatgtttaaaattgacccaatgattaatatgggagaaatcacgccgtatgactttatagaacgttga
caacaagcgtaa
>Potential gene 39:34774..35442, 669 bp
atgatagatcaacaaacaatttatcaatacatacaaaatggaaaaatagaagaagcgttacaagcattgt
tcggaaatatcgaagaaaatcctacaattattgaaaattatattaatgctggtatcgtacttgctgatgc
gaatgagattgaaaaggcagagcgttttttccaaaaagctttaacaatagatccgaagaatggcgtcgta
ttttttaatctagcaaatgtatattataatcagcaacgttatcaagaagctattaaattatatcaacaag
cattacaaacagagattgaacaagttgattgtaattatatgatcggtatggcgtttaatcagttagaatc
atttaagctggcattgccgtatttaatgactgctgcggaactagataaagacaaagatgcagaagttcaa
tttcaatatggtcttgtattatgtcaattagaaatgtttaatgaagccataactcaacttaaacatgtat
taacgattgataaaaatcatgttgatgcaagatacaatttgggcttagcgttatttatgaaaaatgaaga
tattgatgaagcaataactcattttaaagaagctgtgactatcgaccctaaacacttattaagtcagcat
gcgctgaaaacattcactaaaatgaaagaggaggagtaa
>Potential gene 40:35634..35825, 192 bp
atgaggatagagtctgggacatcacaatgtcctaggctctacaatgttatattggcgggaccacaacata
gagaatttcgtaaagaaattctacaggcaatgccagttggggataacgaatttaattttgttaaaatatc
atttctgtcccactccctatgcatgaatctaattatgtattcttatttttaa
>Potential gene 41:35904..36989, 1086 bp
atgtcaggcggtgtagatagttctgtaacagcccacgtcttaaaagaacaaggttatgatgtcattggca
tatttatgaaaaactgggatgacactgacgaaaatggcgtatgtactgcaactgaagattacaacgatgt
tattgaagtgtgtaatcaaattggcattccgtattacgctgttaattttgaaaaagaatattgggataaa
gtctttacgtatttcttagatgaatacaaaaaaggtcgtactccaaatccagacgttatgtgtaataaag
aaattaagtttaaagcctttttagatcatgcgatgaatttaggtgcagattatgtagcaacaggacatta
cgcacgcatacatcgtcatgaagatggtcatgttgaaatgttacgtggtgtagataataataaagatcaa
acatacttcttgaatcaattatctcaacaacaactttcaaaagtgatgttcccaattggcgacatcgaaa
agagtgaagtgcgtcgaattgctgaagaacaaggacttgttactgctaagaaaaaagattctacaggcat
ttgttttatcggcgaaaaaaactttaaaacatttttatcacaatatttacctgcacaaccgggtgatatg
ataacacttgatggtaagaaaatgggtaaacatagtggtttgatgtattacacaataggacaaagacatg
gattaggtataggtggagatggcgatccttggtttgttgtcggtaaaaacctaaaagataatgttttata
tgtagaacaaggattccatcacgatgcattatacagtgattacttaattgcttcagactattcatttgta
aatccagaagataatgacttagatcaaggttttgaatgtacagctaaatttagatatcgccaaaaagata
cgaaagtttttgtgaaacgtgaaaacgaccatgcactacgtgttacttttgctgagccagtaagagcaat
cacacctggacaagcagttgttttttatcaaggtgatgtgtgtcttggtggtgcaacaattgacgatgtg
ttcaaaaatgaaggtcaattaaattatgttgtataa
>Potential gene 42:37023..38165, 1143 bp
atggaaatttatgcagattatgctgcgaccacaccagtaaaacctgaagtagtagatgcgatgatgacga
tttacaattcgcattatggtaatccatcatcaatacatgctaagggaagagatgcgcgtaaatatttaga
tgagtcaagacgtcaaattgcacaattacttggtgcagatacacatgaaattatatttacgagtggcgca
acagaatcgaataatacggcaattaaaggcatagtaaaagcaaatgaacaattgggtaatcacattatca
catcgaagattgaacatcattctgtgttacatgtttttgaacaattagagcgagaaggttttgatgtaac
atatctagatgttgatgatacaggtgctattgatttagatcaacttgaagaaacaattacagataagacg
attttagtatctattatgtttgtaaataatgaagttggcacagtgcaacaaatttatgatattcaagata
ttattgctgagacaaatgcatatttccatgttgatgcggttcaagcaattggacatcttgatgttaagtt
tgacgaatttgagatcgacgcaatgagtattactgctcataagtttggcggaccaaaaggtgtcggtgca
ttactagttaaagaccatgttacactagattatcctcaacttggcggtgaacaagaattgaaacgccgtg
caggcactgaaaatcttgcgcaaattgttgggatggctaaagcattacaattagcagaaaagaatcgaga
cgataacaatattcatttaatgaatttaaaagaacaatttttagttaaattacaagaaagagcgattcca
tttgaattaaatggttcaatgacggatgctacaggccatattgtaaatctatattttccgtttgttgaag
ttgaaacgatgttaacattgttggatatggcacaaatctatgtgtcgtctggatctgcatgtacagcagg
ctctacacaaccgtcgcatgttttagatgcaatgttcgaagatgaggagcgatcaaatcattcgattcga
tttagttttaacgaattgactactgaaaatgaaattaatgcaattgtagctgaaattcataaaatatatt
ttaaatttaaggaggagtcataa
>Potential gene 43:38477..39490, 1014 bp
atggcgattaaatattcagcattaaaccttgtccctattcgagaaggtgaagatgaacaaacagcaatta
atgatatggttaatctcgcacaacatttagacgaattatcatatgaaagatattggattgctgaacacca
taacgctcccaacctagtaagttcagcaactgctttattaattcaacatacgttagaacatacgaaacac
atacgtgtaggttctggaggcatcatgttacctaatcatgctccattaatcgttgcggaacaatttggca
cgatggcaacattatttccaaatcgtgtcgatttaggattaggacgtgcacctggaacagatatgatgac
cgcaagtgcattaagacgagatcaacatgatggtgtttataaatttccagaagaggtttcattattacaa
caatatttcggccctgctcaccaacaagcatatgttcgtgcttatccagcagtaggtaaaaatgtgcctt
tatacattcttggttcttcaacagattctgcacatttagctgctcgcaaagggcttccatatgtgttcgc
tggacattttgcacctcaacaaatgaaagaagctatcgaaatttacaaaacgttatttgaaccttctgat
gtattagacgaaccttatgttattgtatgtttaaatacaatcgttgctgaaaatgatgacgaagcacaat
atttagcttcatctatggcacaagtaatggttagtatcactcgtggcagaatgcagcccgttcaaccgcc
aacacatgaactacaaaatatattaacgccgagagaatacgcgatggctatggaaagacagaaaatatca
ttaataggttcagaaaatactgttcaacaaaaaattcaagattttatggaaacttatggtgaagtcaacg
aaattatggcaataagttatatttatgataaagatatgcaattagactcttatcgtcggttcaagaatgt
tataaatcagataaatgaaaaaaacactttataa
>Potential gene 44:39913..40095, 183 bp
atggcagacgaaagtaagttcgatcaatttaaaggaaatgttaaagaaacagtaggtaacgttactgata
acaaagaattagaaaaagaaggtcagcaagataaagtgattggtaaagcaaaagaagttgttgaaaatgc
taaaaacaaaataactgatgcaattgataaacttaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 45:40195..40617, 423 bp
atgaaaatttctactaaagggagatatggacttacattgatgatttctcttgctaaaaaagaggggcaag
gatgtatatcattaaagtcaattgctgaagaaaataatttgagtgatttatatttagaacagcttgtagg
tcctttaagaaatgcggggttaattcgaagtgtacgcggtgctaaaggtggataccaattaagagtgcca
gcggaagaaatctcagcaggggatattataagactgttagaaggtccaattacatttgttgaaagtattg
aatcagaaccacctgcgcaaaaacaactatggattcgcatgagagatgcagtgagagatgttttagataa
tacaacattgaaatatttagcggaatatgtagatacaagtgaagatttagacggatacatgttttatatt
taa
>Potential gene 46:40729..41976, 1248 bp
atgcgcccaaaaaatatagatgaaatcatttcccaacaacatttagttggaccaagaggcattatcagaa
gaatggttgatacaaaaaaattaacttcaatgattttttatggtccacctggtataggcaaaacaagtat
tgccaaagcaatttcgggcagtacgcaatataaattcagacaattgaatgctgtaactaacactaaaaaa
gatatgcaacttgttgttgaagaagctaaaatgtctggtcaagttatcttgttattagatgaaatacatc
gactagataaagctaaacaagactttttattacctcatttagaaaatggcaaaatcgtcttgatcggtgc
tacaacttcaaatccttatcatgctatcaatccagcgattcgttcaagagcgcaaattttcgagttatat
cctttaaatgacgaagatgtgcgccaagcgttaactcgtgcaatagaagatgatgagaatggtttgaaaa
catatcaacccaaaattgatgaagatgccatgacctacttttctacacaaagccaaggtgatgttcgtag
tgcgttaaatgcattggaattagctgtattaagcgcagataatgacaaagacggttatcgacatgttaca
ttgcaagatgctaaagactgtttacaaaaaggtgcatttgtaagtgacaaggatggtgacatgcattacg
atgttatgagcgctttccaaaaatctatccgtggtagcgacgtcaatgccgctttacattatttagcacg
attaattgaagctggagatttacctacaatagttcgacgattacttgtaattagctatgaggatataggc
ttagcctcacctaatgctggtcagagaacacttgctgctattgaatcagcagaacgtctaggtttaccag
aagctagaattccactaagccaagcagtaatcgaactatgcttatcacctaagtcaaattcagcaatgag
tgccattgatagtgcattgtccgatattagaaacggtcatgtgggccaaattccaaaccatttaaaagat
ggacattatcaaggtgctaaagatctaggccgatctattggttacaaatatccacaccaatatgttaatg
gctatgtttcacagcaatatttacctgataaactaaaaaacaaaatttattacgaaccaaaaacgacatc
taaaagtgaacaacaactcaaagaaatatataacaacttacttaaacaaaggccgtaa
