
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:98..1663, 1566 bp
atgtcaaacatagcattttatgtcgtgagtgacgtacacggttatattttcccaacagattttacgagta
gaaatcaatatcaacctatgggattgttactagcgaatcatgttatagaacaagacagaaggcagtatga
ccaaagttttaaaatagataatggtgattttttgcaagggtcaccattttgtaattacttaatcgcgcat
agcggcagtagccagcctttagttgatttttataatcgaatggcattcgactttggtacgcttggtaatc
atgaatttaattatggattaccatacttaaaagacactttacgcagactcaattatccagttttgtgcgc
taatatttatgaaaatgatagtacattgactgataacggtgtgcagtattttcaggttggagatcaaacg
gttggtgtgataggtttaacgacacaatttattccccattgggaacaaccagagcatattcagtcactta
cgtttcatagtgcttttgaaacacttcaacaacacttgcctgaaatgaagcgacatgcagatatcattgt
ggtttgttaccatggtggatttgaaaaggatttagaaagtggtacgccgaccgaagtgttaacgggtgaa
aatgaaggatatgccatgttagaagcgttttctaaagatatagatatctttattacgggtcaccaacatc
gacaaattgctgaaaggtttaagcaaacggctgtgattcaacctggtacgagaggaacaactgtaggcaa
agtagtcttgagtactgatgaatatgaaaatctatccgttgaatcatgtgaattacttcctgttatagat
gattccacatttactattgatgaagatgaccaacatttacgaaagcagttagaggactggttagattacg
aaattactacattgccatatgatatgacgattaatcatgcatttgaggcacgtgtggcaccgcatccttt
tacaaattttatgaattatgctttattagaaaaaagtgacgcagatgttgcctgtacagctttgtttgat
tctgctagtggtttcaagcaagtcgtgacgatgcgagatgtgattaacaattacccatttccaaatacat
ttaaagttttagctgtaagtggtgccaaacttaaagaagccattgaacgatcagcagaatattttgacgt
gaaaaatgataaagtaagtgtgagcgcagacttccttgaacccaaaccacaacactttaattatgatata
tatggtggcgtaagttataccattaatgttggcagaccaaagggacaacgtgtgagtaatatgatgattc
aaggtcacgcagttgatttaaagcagacatatacaatttgtgtaaataattatcgtgcagttggcggtgg
tcagtatgatatgtatatcgacgcgccagttgtaaaagatattcaagttgaaggcgcacaattacttatt
gattttttatcaaataataatttgatgcgcatcccgcaagttgttgattttaaagttgaaaagtgacgga
tatatgtaaaacttacttgattttaa
>Potential gene 2:1714..3258, 1545 bp
atgaaaaaaatatataagtcattaactgtctctgcaattgttgcaacgatatcattaagtgtgctaccgc
aatctttagctataacgcatgaatcgcaacatacaaagcaacagcgaacggtattattcgatcgttctca
tggtcaaacagctggtgctgcagattgggttagtgatggtgcattttcagattatgcggattcaatacaa
aaacaaggttatgacgttaaagctattgatggtcattcgaacataacagaagcaagtttgaaaagttcca
aaatatttgtaattcctgaggctaacattcctttcaaagaatcagaacaggcagcaattgttaactatgt
gaaacatggtggcaatgttgtctttatttcagatcattacaatgctgaccgaaatttaaatcgtattgat
tcatcagaggcaatgaatggttatcgacgtggagcgtatgaagatatgtcgaaaggtatgaatgcagaag
aaaaaagttctactgcaatgcaaggtgtgaaaagttcagattggttatctacaaactttggcgtacgttt
tcgatataatgcactaggtgatttaaatacgagcaatattgtttcttcaaaagaaagtttcggtattact
gaaggtgtgaaatctgtatctatgcatgccggatcgacattagcaattactaatccagagaaagcaaaag
gtattgtgtatacaccagaacaattgccagcgaaaagtaaatggtcacatgctgtagatcaaggtattta
taatgggggcggtaaagcagaaggtccctatgtagcaatttctaaagttggaaaaggtaaagcagcattt
atcggtgattcatcacttgtggaagatagttcgcccaaatatgtaagagaagataatggagaaaagaaga
aaacatatgatggttttaaagaacaagacaacggtaagctgttaaataatataacggtttggatgtctaa
agataatgatgggaaatcacttaaggcgagtggcctaacattagatacaaagactaagttgcttgatttt
gaacgaccagagcgttcaactgagcctgaaaaagagccatggtcacaaccgccgagtggttataaatggt
atgatccaacaacatttaaagtaggtagttatggcagcgaaaaaggcgcagatcctcagccaaacacacc
agatgatcatacgccaccaaatcagaacgaaaaagtatcatttgatatcccgcaaaatgtttctgtaaat
gagccatttgaagtgacaatacatttaaaaggatttgaagcaaatcaaacacttgaaaatcttagagttg
gtatttacaaagaaggcggacgtcaaatcggacaattttcaagtaaagataacgattataacccgccagg
ttacagtactttgccaacagttaaagcagatgaaaacggaaatgccacaattaaggtcaatgccaaagta
ctcgaaagtatggaaggttcaaagattcgtttaaaactcggtgacaaaaccttgattacaacagacttca
aataa
>Potential gene 3:3487..4443, 957 bp
atgaaaaattttaagtgtttatttgtattaatgttagcagtcattgtttttgcagcagcatgtggaaact
caagttctttagataatcaaaagaacgctagtaatgattcggattctaaatcaggaggatacaaacctaa
agaattaacagtacaatttgtaccttcgcaaaatgctggaacattagaggctaaagcaaaaccattagaa
aaattactatctaaagaattaggaattccagttaaagtgtctgtatcaactaactacaatacaattgttg
aagctatgaagtctaaaaaagttgatgttggtttcttaccaccaacggcatacacattagcacatgatca
aaaagcagctgatttattattacaagcacaacgttttggtgtaaaagaagatggttcagcaagtaaagaa
cttgtagatagttataaatcagaaattcttgttaaaaaagactcaaaaattaaaagcttgaaagatttaa
aaggtaagaaaattgccttacaagatgtaacatcaactgctggatatacattcccacttgcgatgttaaa
aaacgaagcaggtattaatgcaactaaagatatgaaaattgtgaatgttaaaggtcatgaccaagcagtt
atctcattattaaatggagatgtagatgctgcggctgtatttaatgatgcacgtaatactgtgaaaaaag
accaaccaaatgtatttaaagacacacgaattttaaaattaacacaagctattccgaatgacacaatttc
tgtaagaccagatatggataaagattttcaagaaaaattgaaaaaagcttttatagacattgctaaatca
aaagaaggtcacaaaattattagcgaagtttattcacatgaaggatacacagaaacgaaagattcaaatt
tcgacattgtaagagagtacgaaaaattagttaaagatatgaaataa
>Potential gene 4:4657..5430, 774 bp
atgagtcaaatcgaatttaaaaacgtcagtaaagtctatcctaacggtcatgtaggcttgaaaaatatta
acttaaatattgaaaaaggtgaatttgcagttattgtcggactatctggtgctgggaaatccacgttatt
aagatctgtaaatcgtttgcatgatatcacgtcaggtgaaattttcatccaaggcaaatccatcactaaa
gcccatggtaaagcattattagaaatgcgccgaaatataggtatgattttccaacattttaatttagtta
aacggtcaagtgtattacgaaatgtactaagtggacgtgtaggttatcaccctacttggaaaatggtatt
aggtttattcccaaaagaagacaaaattaaagcaatggatgcactagaacgcgtcaatatcttagataaa
tataatcaacgctctgatgaattatcaggtggccaacaacaacgtatatctattgcacgtgcgctatgcc
aagaatccgaaattattcttgcagatgaaccagttgcttcattagacccattaacaacgaaacaggttat
ggatgatttaagaaaaatcaaccaagaattaggcatcacaattttaattaatttacattttgttgacttg
gcaaaagaatatggcacacgcatcattggtttacgtgatggtgaagttgtctatgatggtcctgcatctg
aagcaacagatgacgtatttagtgaaatatatggacgtacaattaaagaagatgaaaagctaggagtgaa
ctaa
>Potential gene 5:5432..6244, 813 bp
atgcctttagaaatacctacaaagtatgactcccttttaaagaaaaaggtttctttaaaaacgagtttta
ccttcatgttaatcattgtgcttatcatttggagcttcatttatacggggtttaattttggagatttaat
gataggaatacctcaaataggtgatctattcaaacaaatgattccacctgatttcgagtatttacaacaa
attacaacgccaatgttagataccattcgaatggctatcgtaagtacagtattaggtagcatcgtttcaa
taccaattgcgttattatgtgctagcaatatcgttcatcaaaagtggatttcaataccctcgcgctttat
tttaaatatagttcgtactattccagatttgttattagcagcaatctttgtggctgtatttggaatcggt
caaattccagggatattagcattgtttattttaactatctgtattattggaaaattattatatgaatcat
tggaaacgatagatccaggtccaatggaagcaatgacggctgttggcgctaataaaataaaatggattgt
tttcggtgttgtaccacaagccatatcgtcatttatgtcatacgtattatatgcatttgaagtaaatata
cgtgcttcagctgtgcttggattagtcggcgctggcggtattggattgttttatgatcaaacacttggtt
tatttcaatatccaaaaacagcaacgattattttatttactttagttatcgtcgtcgtcattgattacat
cagtacgaaagtgagggcacatctcgcatgacacaggaaatag
>Potential gene 6:5983..7044, 1062 bp
atggattgttttcggtgttgtaccacaagccatatcgtcatttatgtcatacgtattatatgcatttgaa
gtaaatatacgtgcttcagctgtgcttggattagtcggcgctggcggtattggattgttttatgatcaaa
cacttggtttatttcaatatccaaaaacagcaacgattattttatttactttagttatcgtcgtcgtcat
tgattacatcagtacgaaagtgagggcacatctcgcatgacacaggaaatagcaaaatataatgttcaca
caaaagcacacaaacgaaaattgattaaaagatggcttattgcaattgtcgtcttagctattatcatctg
ggcatttgcaggtgtaccaagtttagaacttaaaagtaaatcattagaaatcttaaaatccatattcagc
ggattattccatccagatattagctatatctatataccagatggcaaagacttattacgtggtttacttg
aaacctttgcgatagccgttgtaggtactttcatcgccgcaattatctgtattccattagcatttttagg
tgcaaataatatggtaaagttacgcccggtttcaggtgttagcaaatttattttaagtgttatacgtgtc
ttcccagaaattgtaatggcacttatatttatcaaagctgttggcccaggttcattttcaggtgtattag
ctttaggtatccattctgtaggtatgcttgggaaacttttagctgaagatattgaaggtctagatttcag
tgctgtagaatcattaaaggccagtggtgcgaataagattaaaacactcgtatttgcagtcataccacaa
attatgcctgcctttctatcactcatactttatcgctttgaactaaacttacgttcagcttctatactgg
ggctaattggggctggtggtatcgggacaccactcatatttgccattcaaacacgttcttgggaccgtgt
aggtattatattaatcggtttagtactaatggtcgcaattgtcgatttaatttccggttcaatccgaaaa
cgtattgtttaa
>Potential gene 7:7175..8353, 1179 bp
atgacaagaccatttaatcgtgtacatttaatcgtaatggattcagtaggtattggtgaagcgccagacg
cagctgattttaaagatgaaggttcacatactttaagacataccttagaaggcttcgatcaaactttacc
aaaccttgaaaagttaggtctagggaacatcgataaattaccagtagtaaatgcagttgaacaaccagaa
gcatactatactaaattgagtgaagcttcagttggtaaagatacaatgactggtcactgggaaattatgg
gattaaatattatgcagccttttaaagtataccctaatggattccctgaagagttaattcaacaaattga
agaaatgacaggtcgtaaagttgttgctaacaaaccggcatcgggtacgcaaattatcgatgagtggggc
gagcaccaaatgaaaactggtgacttaattgtttatacaagtgcagacccagtattgcaaattgctgcac
atgaagacattatcccattagaagagttatatgatatttgtgaaaaggttcgtgagttgacaaaagaccc
taaatatttaattggtcgtattatcgcacgtccatatgttggtgaaccaggaaactttacacgtacatct
aatcgacatgactatgcgttaaaaccttttggtaaaactgtcttagatcatttgaaagacggtggttatg
atgttattgccatcggtaaaattaatgacatttatgatggtgaaggtgtaacagaagcggttcgtacgaa
gagtaacatggacggtatggatcaattgatgaaaattgttaagaaagatttcacaggtattagcttctta
aacttagtagactttgatgcattatacggtcatcgtcgtgataaaccaggttatgcacaagcaattaaag
atttcgatgatcgcttgccagaactgtttagcaacttaaaagaagacgatttagtaattattacagcaga
ccatggtaatgacccgacagcgccaggtacggaccatacgagagaatatatcccagtaattatgtacagt
ccgaaatttaaaggtggtcatgcactagaaagtgatactacattcagttctatcggtgcaactatagcag
ataatttcaacgtaacattaccagagttcggtaaaagttatttaaaggaattgaaatag
>Potential gene 8:8381..9043, 663 bp
atgaaatttgagaaatatatagatcacactttattgaagtctgagtcaacacgtacgcaaatcgatcaaa
tcatcgatgaagcgaaagcatacaattttaaatctgtatgtgtgaatccaacgcatgttaaatatgtagc
agagcgactagctgattcagaggtgctagtttgtacggtaataggattcccattaggtgcgtcgacaact
gcaacgaaaacatttgaaacagaagatgcaattcaaaatggtgcagatgaaattgacatggtcatcaaca
tcggcgcattaaaagatgggcgttttgatgatgtacaacaagacattgaagcagtggttaaagctgcgaa
aggtcacacagtaaaagtgattattgagacggtattgttggaccatgacgaaattgtaaaagcgagtgaa
ttaacaaaagcggctggtgcggacttcgttaaaacttcaacaggttttgcaggtggcggtgcgactgcag
aagacgttaaattaatgaaagatacagtaggtgctgatgtagaagtaaaagcatcaggtggcgtacgtaa
tttagaagatttcaataaaatggttgaagcaggtgcgacacgtattggtgcgagcgcaggtgttcaaatt
atgcaaggtttagaagcagattcagattactaa
>Potential gene 9:9124..10482, 1359 bp
atgattatgaatgttgaatattctaaaataaagaaagcagtacctattttattattcttatttgtattca
gtttggttatagacaactcattcaaattgatttctgtagccattgctgatgacttaaacatttctgtaac
tacagtaagttggcaagcgacattagccggtttagtaattggtattggcgctgtagtatacgcttcatta
tctgatgccattagtatacgcacactatttatttatggcgtgatattaatcattatcggatcaattattg
gttacattttccaacatcaattcgcattacttttagttggacgtattattcaaactgcaggtttagctgc
tgcagagacattatatgtgatatatgttgcaaagtatctttctaaagaggaccagaagacttaccttggc
ttaagtacgagcagttattccttgtcattagttatcggtacattatcaggtggatttatttctacgtatt
tacactggacaaatatgtttttaattgcattaatcgtagtatttacgttgccattcctatttaaattatt
accaaaagaaaataatacaaataaagctcatttagattttgttggcttaattctagtggcaactattgct
acaacagtcatgctgtttattacgaactttaattggttatatatgattggtgctttaattgcgattatcg
tttttgcgctatatattaaaaatgcgcaacgtccattagtaaacaaatcatttttccaaaataaacgtta
tgcttcatttttatttatagtattcgtaatgtatgctatccaattgggttatatttttacgttcccattc
ataatggaacaaatttatcatcttcaactagacacaacatcactgttattagtaccgggttatattgtag
cagtcatcgttggtgcactaagtggtaaaatcggcgaatatcttaattcaaaacaagcgattatcacagc
aattattttaatcgcactgagcttaattttacctgcatttgcagtaggtaatcacatttcaatcttcgtc
atttctatgatattctttgcaggtagctttgctttaatgtatgcacctttacttaacgaagccattaaaa
caatagatcttaatatgacaggtgtggctattggtttttataatttaattattaatgtggcggtatctgt
aggtattgcgattgctgcggctctaatcgattttaaagcattaaatttcccaggcaatgatgcattaagt
tcacatttcggtattattttaattattttaggtttaatgagtattgtcggattagttttattcgtcatct
taaatcgttggacacaatctgaaaaataa
>Potential gene 10:10483..11241, 759 bp
atggttagacaaatagacaaatcactatacaaatattgggaggaatattttatgaaatcaacaccacaca
ttaagccaatgaatgacgtcgaaattgcagaaacggtgctattgccaggagatccgttaagagctaagtt
cattgcagaaacatatttggacgatgtggaacagttcaatacagtgcgaaacatgtttggttttaccgga
acatataaaggtaaaaaagtttctgtcatgggttcaggtatgggtatgccatctattggcatttactctt
atgaattaattcatacatttggttgtaaaaaattaattcgcgttggttcttgtggcgcgatgcaagaaaa
cattgatttatatgatgtgattattgcacaaggtgcctctactgattcaaattacgttcaacaatatcaa
ttaccaggtcattttgcgccaattgcttcttatcagttattagaaaaagcagttgaaacagcacgtgaca
aaggtgtacgtcatcatgtaggtaatgtgttatcaagtgatattttctataacgcggatacaacagcgag
tgaacgttggatgcgtatgggtattttaggtgtagaaatggaatcagctgcattatacatgaatgcaatt
tacgctggtgtcgaagcattaggtgtgttcacagtgagcgatcatttaattcatgaaacgtcaacaacac
ctgaggaaagggaacgtgcatttacagatatgattgaaattgcactgtcattggtgtag
>Potential gene 11:11426..12181, 756 bp
atggaggttgtctacgtgacgcaaacacaaccaaaatttttaacgatttataatacgttatataaagaaa
ttcaaataggaaaatatccgagtggccatgcattacctactgaaaaggaactttgtgcgcgctttgatgt
cagtcgtatgactttgcgccaagctataaaattgttggccgaagatggcatcgtagagagtacaagaggg
aagggacacttcgttattccacaaacaaatgcccaacacgcttcaagtatggatcaatttaagcatccac
ttgatcaaatattgctagatcgtgtatctatgtcatcaattaattatcgtgttgatttagaaagtgaata
tacaaatcatttgtttgcaaaccatccttctgccgtcattgcaatggaacgctattatcaaaaaaaggac
aatcattctaagcaagctgatgcattttgttttacctttataccgttaaatgtcattgacacatttaaag
tgaatacacaaaacgaagacgacatgaagacgttcgttgagcagacgatttatagcaatgcatatcaatc
agatttaaaaatgtctattaccaaagcgccccacttcaaaaatcatagtcacgtgtttgatggtgataca
cattgttggctgattattgaaacattgtacgcacaaacaccttatccaattatgattaataagtggtata
ttccacaggaaatatctgaattaacactgacacgtataagacaatcggattattaa
>Potential gene 12:12524..13123, 600 bp
atggcatttaaattaccaaatttaccatatgcatatgatgcattggaaccatatatagatcaaagaacaa
tggagtttcatcacgacaaacatcacaatacgtacgtgacgaaattaaacgcaacagttgaaggaacaga
gttagagcatcaatcactagcggatatgattgctaacttagacaaggtaccggaagcgatgaggatgtca
gtccgtaataatggcggtggtcattttaaccattcattattctgggaaatactatcacctaattctgaag
aaaaaggtggcgtaatagacgacattaaagcgcagtggggcactttagatgaatttaaaaatgaatttgc
aaataaagcaacaacattatttggatcaggttggacttggttagttgttaatgatggaaaattagaaatt
gtgacaacgccaaaccaagataatccattaacagaaggcaaaacaccaatcttactatttgatgtttggg
agcatgcctactatctgaaatatcaaaataaacgtccagactatatgactgcattttggaatattgttaa
ctggaaaaaagttgatgaattataccaagcagcaaaataa
>Potential gene 13:13391..14845, 1455 bp
atgaaaagatggaaagggatcgtaatgaagagtgattcactaaaagaaaatattatttatcaagggctat
accaattgattagaacgatgacaccactgattacaatacccattatttcacgtgcatttggtcccagtgg
tgtgggtattgtttcattttctttcaatatcgtgcaatactttttgatgattgcaagtgttggcgttcag
ttatattttaatagagttatcgccaagtccgttaacgacaaacggcaattgtctcagcagttttgggata
tctttgttagtaaattattattagcgttaacagtttttgcgatgtatatcgctgtgattacaatctttat
agatgattactatcttattttcctactacaaggtatctatattataggtgcagcactcgatatttcatgg
ttttatgctggaactgaaaagtttaaaatacctagccttagtaatattgttgcgtctggtattgtattaa
gtgtcgttgttatctttgtcaaagatcaatcagatttatcattgtatgtatttactattgctattgtgac
ggtattaaaccaattacctttgtttatctatttaaaacgatacattagctttgtttcggttaattggata
cacgtctggcaattgtttcgttcgtcattagcatacttattaccaaatggacagctcaacttatatacta
gtatttcttgcgttgttcttggtttagtaggcacataccaacaagttggtatcttttctaacgcatttaa
tattttaacggtcgcaatcataatgattaatacatttgatcttgtaatgattccgcgtattactaaaatg
tctttacatcaatcacatagtttaactaagacgttagcagataatatgaacattcaattgatattaacaa
tacctatggtctttggtttgattgcaattatgccatcattttatttatggttctttggtgaggaattcgc
atcaactgtcccattgatgaccattttagcgatacttgtattaatcattcctttaaatatgttgataagc
aggcaatatttattaatagtgaataaaataagattatataatgcgtcaatcactattggtgcggtaatga
atttagtattatgtcttgttttgatatatttttatggaatttacggtgctgctattgcgcgtttaattac
agagtttttcttgctcatttggcgatttattgatattactaaaatcaatgtgaagttgaatattgtaagt
acgattcaatgtgtcattgctgccgttatgatgtttattgtgcttggtgtggtcaatcattatttgcctc
ctacaatgtacgctacgctgctattaattgctattggtatagtagtttatcttttattaatgatgactat
gaaaaatcaatacgtatggcaaatattgaggcatcttcgacataaaacaatttaa
>Potential gene 14:14763..16049, 1287 bp
atggaaaatcaacacaatagtaaatatctaacattgttacttatcggtttagcggtttttattcagcaat
cttcggttgttgctggtgtgaatgtatctatagctgactttattacattactaatattagtttatttact
gttttttgctaaccatttattaaaggcaaatcattttttacagtttttcattattttgtatacataccgt
atgattattacgttgtgtttactattttttgatgatttgatatttattacggttaaggaagttcttgcat
ctacagttaaatatgcatttgtagtcatttatttctatttagggatgatcatctttaagttaggtaatag
caaaaaagtaatcgttacctcttatattataagcagtgtgactataggtctattttgtattatagctggt
ttgaacaagtcccctttactaatgaaattgttatattttgatgaaatacgttcaaaaggattaatgaatg
accctaactatttcgcgatgacacagattattacattggtacttgcttacaagtatattcataattacat
attcaaggtccttgcatgtggcatcctgctatggtctttaactacaacgggatctaagactgcgtttatc
atattaatcgtcttagccatttatttctttattaaaaagttatttagcagaaatgcggtaagtgttgtga
gtatgttagtgattatgctgatattactttgttttaccttttataatatcaactactatttattccaatt
aagcgaccttgatgccttaccgtcattagatcgaatggcgtctatttttgaagaggggtttgcatcatta
aatgatagtggatctgagcgaagtgttgtatggataaatgccatttcagtaattaaatatacattaggtt
ttggtgttggcttagtggattatgtacatattggctcgcaaattaatggtattttacttgttgcccataa
tacatatttgcaaatttttgcggaatggggcattttattcggtgcgttatttatcatatttatgctttat
ttactgtttgaattatttagatttaacatttctggtaaaaatgtaacagcaattgttgtaatgttgacga
tgctgatttactttttaacagtatcgtttaataactcaagatatgtcgcttttattttaggaattatcgt
ctttattgttcaatatgaaaagatggaaagggatcgtaatgaagagtgattcactaaaagaaaatattat
ttatcaagggctataccaattgattag
>Potential gene 15:16030..17073, 1044 bp
atgattgaacaactagatgcaagagttaatgtaattattctcgaacatttagtaggtccaattgacttta
aacaagatattttagctgtcaaagtgttagcacagttattctcgaaaattaaacctgatgttatccattt
acattcttccaaagctggaacggtcggacgaattgcgaagttcatttcgaaatcgaaagacacacgtgta
gtttttactgcacatggatgggcttttacagagggtgttaaaccagctaaaaaatttctatatttagtta
tcgaaaaattaatgtcacgtattacagatagcattatttgtgtttcagatttcgataaacagttagcgtt
aaaatctcgctttaatcgattgaaattaaccacaatacataatggtattgcagatgttcccgctgttaag
caaacgctaaaaagccaatcacataacaatattggcgaagtagttggaatgttgcctaataagcaagatt
tacagattaatgccccgacaaagcatcaatttgttatgattgcaagatttgcttatccaaaattgccaca
aaatctaatcgcggcaatagagatattgaaattacataacagtaatcatgcgcattttacatttataggc
gatggacctacattaaatgattgtcagcaacaagttgtacaagctgggttagaaaatgatgtcacatttt
tgggcaatgtcattaatgcgagtcatttattatcacaatacgatacgtttattttaataagtaagcatga
aggtttgccaattagcattatcgaagctatggctacaggtttgcctgttatagccagtcatgttggcggt
atttcagaattagtaactgataatggtatatgtatgatgaacaaccaacccgaaactattgccaaagtcc
tggaaaaatatttaatagacagtgattacatcaaaatgagtaatcaatctagaaaacgttatttagaatg
ttttactgaggagaaaatgattaaagaagtggaagacgtttataatggaaaatcaacacaatag
>Potential gene 16:17080..17262, 183 bp
atgattgcctacaatgacataaacatcatggtgtacgcaaaaatggttggcgagttgaatgagatgtgtt
tgtgcaccaccattgtctgctttagtaatacaatatataattttcaactgttacaaacccctttaatgct
atactttcaatttcttaacatggctatctcatcagatgaatag
>Potential gene 17:17406..17909, 504 bp
atggttatattcgccattgctatcgtcatagactcaccaggaaaccctatttatagtcaggttagagttg
ggaagatgggtaaattaattaaaatatacaaattacgttcgatgtgtaaaaacgcagagaaaaatggtgc
gcaatgggctgataaagatgatgatcgtataacaaatgtcgggaagtatattcgtaaaacacgcattgat
gaattaccacaactaattaatgttgttaaaggggaaatgagttttattggaccacgcccggaacgtccgg
aatttgtagaattatttagttcagaagtgataggtttcgagcaaagatgtcttgttacaccagggttaac
aggacttgcgcaaattcaaggtggatatgacttaacaccgcaacaaaaactgaaatatgacatgaaatat
atacataaaggtagtttaatgatggaactatatatatcaattagaacattgatggttgttattacagggg
aaggctcaaggtag
>Potential gene 18:18055..18843, 789 bp
atgaagacatatcaatttgattatgttattcatttagcagcattagttagtgttgctgagtcggttgaga
aacctatcttatctcaagaaataaacgttgtagcaacattaagattgttagaaatcattaaaaaatataa
tagtcatataaaacgttttgtctttgcttcgtcagcagctgtttatggtgatcttcctgatttacctaaa
agtgatcaatcattaatcctaccattatcaccatatgcaatagataaatattacggcgaacggacgacat
taaattattgctcgttatataacataccaacagcggttgttaaattttttaatgtatttgggccaagaca
ggatcctaagtcacaatattcaggtgtgatttcaaagatgttcgattcatttgagcataacaagccattt
acattttttggtgacggactgcaaactagagattttgtatatgtatatgatgttgttcaatctgtacgct
taattatggaacacaaagatgcaattggacacggttataacattggtacaggcacttttactaatttatt
agaggtttatcgtattattggtgaattatatggaaaatcagtcgagcatgaatttaaagaagcacgaaaa
ggagatattaagcattcttatgcagatatttctaacttaaaggcattaggatttgttcctaaatatacag
tagaaacaggtttaaaggattactttaattttgaggtagataatattgaagaagttacagctaaagaagt
ggaaatgtcaaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 19:19377..20153, 777 bp
atgacaaacaacaaagtagcgttagtaactggcggtgcacaagggattggttttaaaattgcagaacgtt
tagtggaagatggtttcaaagtagcagttgttgattttaatgaagaaggggcaaaagcagctgcacttaa
attatcaagtgatggtacaaaagctattgctatcaaagcagatgtatcaaaccgtgatgatgtatttaac
gcagtaagacaaactgcagcgcaatttggtgatttccatgtcatggttaacaatgccggccttggaccaa
caacaccaatcgatacaattactgaagaacagtttaaaacagtatatggcgtgaacgttgcaggtgtgct
atggggtattcaagccgcacatgaacaatttaaaaaattcaatcatggtggtaaaattatcaatgcaaca
tctcaagcaggcgttgagggtaacccaggattgtctttatattgcagtacaaaattcgcagtgcgaggtt
taacacaagtagccgcacaagatttagcgtctgaaggtattactgtgaatgcattcgcacctggtatcgt
tcaaacaccaatgatggaaagtatcgcagtggcaacagccgaagaagcaggtaaacctgaagcatggggc
tgggaacaatttacaagtcagattgctttgggcagagtttctcaaccagaagatgtttcaaatgtagtga
gcttcttagccggtaaagactctgattacattactggacaaacaattattgtagatggtggtatgagatt
ccgttaa
>Potential gene 20:20340..20990, 651 bp
atggaaaaaaatgtagaaaaatcattcataaagataggtttatattttcaaatagcttatatagtactca
tggctataactttatgtgggtttgtaatttgctatggactaattttcggccttttctatttattatcagg
tagcagagctgattatttaatagtaacaatagttatatcggcaataatttctatatttgtaattatactt
tcaatcgtacctgtcatcgtattggcatctgacttatttaaagaaaggatttcaaaaggtgtcatattaa
ttgtattggctattatcgctttagtattatgcaactttgtatctgcaatactctggtttgtttcagccat
atctattttaggtagaaaaaaattagtagctgcagcagatactaccactattcaaaaaagtaaagggaac
gcaaatcaagcatcacataaagacacgggtaaaaaggaacttgatagtcaagacatgatggaacatcctg
agtttaaaaatcccacgactaaaaacctagaaggattaaacgaagaaatacataaagatgaagctacaac
taaagttgacagtgataacacgcaaccgccgattgaatcaaaagaccatgtctcgaaaaaagattgatga
caaactaatcgagagacttaa
