
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:127..471, 345 bp
atgaagccaaattcaaaatccaataagaaaattatgaagaattataattgtgaatactttaaagcccaag
ttaatcaaaagctttctgaaccagaaacgaaaaaaatctatagtcaaagaaaaattgttgtagagtctgt
tgttggatttatgaaggctattttgggtttcactcgaatgtcagttcgaggaataaataaagttaaacga
gacctaggttttgtattaacggcacttaatataagaaaaatagcagctcaacgagctgtacattataaaa
tacatatcagaaaagctgatttctatcaaataattaatagaaatcagcttttttacattgcctaa
>Potential gene 2:725..1876, 1152 bp
atgaagcatgaacaagaattagaacgcatctccggtctcactcaagaagaagctattaatgagcaacttc
aaagagtagaggaagaactgtcacaagatattgcagtacttgttaaagaaaaagaaaaagaagctaaaga
aaaagttgataaaacagcaaaagaattattagctacagcagtacaaagattagcagcagatcacacaagt
gaatcaacggtatcagtagttaacttacctaatgatgagatgaaaggtcgaatcattggacgagaaggac
gaaacatccgcacacttgaaactttaactggcattgatttaattattgatgacacaccagaagcggttat
attatctggttttgatccaataagaagagaaattgctagaacagcacttgttaacttagtatctgatgga
cgtattcatccaggtagaattgaagatatggtcgaaaaagctagaaaagaagtagacgatattattagag
aagcaggtgaacaagctacatttgaagtaaacgcacataatatgcatcctgacttagtaaaaattgtagg
gcgtttaaactatcgtacaagttacggtcaaaatgtacttaaacattcaattgaagttgcgcatcttgct
agtatgttagctgctgagctaggcgaagatgagacattagcgaaacgagctggacttttacatgatgttg
gtaaagcaattgatcatgaagtagaaggtagtcatgttgaaatcggtgtagaattagcgaaaaaatatgg
tgaaaatgaaacagttattaatgcaatccattctcatcatggtgatgttgaacctacatctattatatct
atccttgttgctgctgcagatgcattgtctgcggctcgtccaggtgcaagaaaagaaacattagagaatt
atattcgtcgattagaacgtttagaaacgttatcagaaagttatgatggtgtagaaaaagcatttgcgat
tcaggcaggtagagaaatccgagtgattgtatctcctgaagaaattgatgatttaaaatcttatcgattg
gctagagatattaaaaatcagattgaagatgaattacaatatcctggtcatatcaaggtgacagttgttc
gagagactagagcagtagaatatgcgaaataa
>Potential gene 3:1563..2354, 792 bp
atgccagttaaagtttcaagtgtgcggatgtttcgtccttctcgtccaatgattcgacctttcatctcat
cattaggtaagttaactactgataccgttgattcacttgtgtgatctgctgctaatctttgtactgctgt
agctaataattcttttgctgttttatcaactttttctttagcttctttttctttttctttaacaagtact
gcaatatcttgtgacagttcttcctctactctttgaagttgctcattaatagcttcttcttgagtgagac
cggagatgcgttctaattcttgttcatgcttcattattaacgtttgaacactactctcttttgcatctac
ttgttgttgtttttcttcaatttttgattctttttgctctaaaatctcatcttttttatctaatagatca
gatttacgctctaagttttcttctttttgaagaagtcgggtttcttgtctttgaagttcgctacgtcttt
ctcgtagttctgcttcagtttgttctcttaggatttggttttcttcttttgcctcaagtaatttctcttt
tttgatattgtcagcttctttatgtgcttgatttacaatatcttcggcagtttgtctagcttgtgattgc
ttttgaagcaacaaatttcgggcaacaacataccctccaacaactcctagaatgatccccagcaaaatga
gtaggaggcttaataaattcacacaaacacctccttttctagggtttgctctttatatgaaattcaatat
gactttatgaaattatatataa
>Potential gene 4:2638..3636, 999 bp
atggagaaatctttcggtaaaggtgccgtaatgaagttgggtgacaatataggtcgccgagtttcaacta
catcaactggttcagttacattagataatgcgctaggtgtaggtggctatcctaaaggacgaattattga
aatttatggtcctgaaagttctggtaagacaacagtagcgcttcacgctattgctgaagtacaaagtaat
ggcggggtggcagcatttatcgatgctgaacatgctttagatccagaatatgctcaagcattaggcgtgg
atatcgataatttatatttatcgcaaccggatcatggtgaacaaggtcttgaaatcgccgaagcatttgt
tagaagtggtgcagttgatattgtagttgtagactcagttgctgctttaacacctaaagctgaaattgaa
ggagaaatgggagacactcacgttggtttacaagctcgtttaatgtcacaagcgttacgtaaactttcag
gtgctatttctaaatcaaatacaactgctattttcatcaaccaaattcgtgaaaaagttggtgttatgtt
cggtaatccagagactacaccaggtggacgtgcattaaaattctatagttcagtaagactagaagtacgt
cgtgcagaacagcttaaacaaggacaagaaattgtaggtaatagaactaaaattaaagtcgttaaaaata
aagtggcaccaccatttagagtagctgaagttgatattatgtatggacaaggtatttctaaagagggtga
acttattgatttaggtgttgaaaacgacatcgttgataaatcaggagcatggtattcttacaatggcgaa
cgaatgggtcaaggtaaggaaaatgttaaaatgtacttgaaagaaaatccacaaattaaagaagaaattg
atcgtaaattgagagaaaaattaggtatatctgatggtgatgttgaagaaacagaagatacaccaaagtc
attatttgacgaagaatag
>Potential gene 5:3846..4997, 1152 bp
atgtcaattgccattattgctgtaggctcagaactattgctaggtcaaatcgctaataccaacggacaat
ttctatctaaagtatttaatgaaattggacaaaatgtattagaacataaagttattggagataataaaaa
acgtttagaatcaagtgtacgtcatgcgttagaaaaatatgatactgttattttaacaggtggcttaggt
cctacgaaagatgacttaacgaagcatacagtggcccagattgttggtaaagatttagttattgatgagc
cttctttaaaatatattgaaagctattttgaggaacaaggacaagaaatgacacctaataataaacaaca
ggctttagtaattgaaggttcaactgtattagcaaatcatcatggcatggctccaggaatgatggtgaat
tttgaaaacaaacaaattattttattaccaggtccaccgaaagaaatgcaaccaatggtgaaaaatgaat
tgttgtcacattttataaaccataatcgaattatacattctgaactattaagatttgcgggaataggtga
atctaaagtagaaacaatattaatagatcttatcgataaacagactaatcctacgattgcgcctttggcg
ggaagtcatgaagtatatattagattgactgcaaatgccgactcaaaagaacaagcacaatcattgattc
aacctgttaaacaagaaattcttgatcgtattggagaatattattatggttcagatgacacattaattga
gcaagctgtaataaagaaaattcatgaaccttttgtaatatatgatggtattactaatggtgctttatat
catcgattgaaagaagtggatttaaacgatgttctaaagggtatgattaatcacaatgaaaactttgttg
atattaataaacctattgagcagcaattaaaagatgcagtgcaatttgttaataaattgtttaatgtgtc
atcagcaattattctattagagtatgatggtgtagtccatataggctatgataataactttgaatttaaa
actgagcaatttaaaatgtctaaatctagaaatttattaaagaacagaagtcaaaattatgcgctcataa
gattattaaattggcttagaacaacaaattaa
>Potential gene 6:5222..5800, 579 bp
atgaatattccgaaccagattacggtttttagagtagtgttaataccagtttttatattgtttgcgttag
ttgattttggatttggcaatgtgtcatttctaggaggatatgaaataagaattgagttattaatcagtgg
ttttatttttatattggcttcccttagcgattttgttgatggttatttagctagaaaatggaatttagtt
acaaatatggggaaatttttggatccattagcggataaattattagttgcaagtgctttaattgtacttg
tgcaactaggactaacaaattctgtagtagcaatcattattattgccagagaatttgccgtaactggttt
acgtttactacaaattgaacaaggattcgtaagtgcagctggtcaattaggtaaaattaaaacagcagtt
actatggtagcaattacttggttgttattaggtgatccattagcaacattgattggtttgtcattaggac
aaattttattatacattggcgttatttttactatcttatctggtattgaatacttttataaaggtagaga
tgtttttaaacaaaaataa
>Potential gene 7:5834..6178, 345 bp
atgactttaacagaattagagcaacgtactggaattaaacgtgaaatgctagtgcatattgaaaataatg
aattcgatcaactaccgaataaaaattacagcgaaggatttattagaaaatatgcaagcgtagtaaatat
tgaacctaaccaattaattcaagctcatcaagatgaaattccatcgaaccaagccgaatgggacgaagta
attacagttttcaataataataaagatttagattataagagtaaatcaaaagagccaatacaattattag
taatcatgggtattacagttttaataactttattgttatggatcatgttagttttaatattttaa
>Potential gene 8:6245..7159, 915 bp
atgagcaaatgtttttatgattgatgttataatatgaatattacaatgaatcataatttgttaattaaac
aaggggtgaggttcaccatgacagttgcagagaaaaaagaatggtacctagaatacgaaattgaaattaa
tagaccgggtcttttaggtgatgtatctagtttattaggtatgttaggtataagtattgttacaattaat
ggtgttgatcaaggtaaacgaggccttttaattaaaactgacaatcttgaaaaagttgaacgttttgagc
aaatagctcgtggtataaatgaaattgaaataacaaagcttaaaaaaccagaattaagagaccgtcttgc
agttagacatggtagatatattgagcaagatgcaaaagataagaaaacctttcgatttgagcgtgaagat
ttaggtttgttagtagactttttagctgaattgttcaaagaagaaggtcataagttgattggcattagag
gtatgccacgggttggtaaaactgaatcaattgttgcgggaagtgtttgtgcacataagagatggttatt
tattagttctactttaataaaacaaactgtacgtagctctctaattaaaggggaatatgatgccaatcat
gtatacattattgatggtgcagttactgccagagaatctaatccaaaacatcaagagcttgttaacgaag
ttatgacgttaccatcaatcaaagtcgttgaacatccagatttatttgttgaaacaagtacttgtacaat
ggaagattttgactatattatcgaattgagagaaaatgaaaatcaagaaatacattacgaagaaatgaag
aaacagacagtccaaagtaagaataatttagattttggagatccatttggtggtggttttggtttcttcg
agtaa
>Potential gene 9:7177..7881, 705 bp
atgaaagcattagtattaggtggttctggttcaattggttctgagatagtcaaacaattattaactgatg
gatttgaagtttatgtgcaatattatcgtactgatataaatgaattaactagcaaatttaatgatgataa
agttcattttatacaaacggatttatctcaaacaactgatattgacaaaacatttggtgacattaaatca
ttagactgtttaatatatgcaagtggtcagtctttatatggtgttttacaagatatgaaagaccatgata
ttgatgcatgttatcagttaaatgtcttgcaattaattcgattatgtagatatttcgttgatgttttacg
tcaaagtgacaatggaagaattattgtaatttcatcaatttggggtgagacaggagctagtatggaaact
atttattcgacgatgaaaagtgcacaattaggtttcgttaaggcgcttagtcaagagcttgcactaacat
cagtgacagtaaatgctatcgcacctggatttgtagccggtaatatggcaagtgagtggcaagaagatga
acttcaagcaatgataactgaattaccacaacagcgattggttttaccgagtgaggttgctcatacatgc
gcctatttatatcacccaaatgctagaagtgttactggaactatacagaaagttaatggtgcttggtata
tataa
>Potential gene 10:7881..9167, 1287 bp
atgaaagagcgttattatgaattaatagacgaaagagtattcgaacaagaattagaaaatggtttacgat
tatttattatccccaaaccaggttttcaaaagacatttgtcacttacactacacaatttggttcattaga
taatcaattcaaacccctcggacaagaccaatttgttactgtacctgatggagttgctcactttttagaa
cataaattatttgaaaaagaagaagaagacttatttactgcgtttgctgaagataatgcacaagcaaatg
cgtttacaagctttgatcgtacaagctacttgttcagtgcaactgataatattgaaaacaacattaaacg
tttacttacaatggttgaaacgccttattttacaaaagaaactgttgataaagaaaaaggtattattgca
gaagaaataaaaatgtatcaagaacaacctggatataaattaatgtttaatacattgcgtgcaatgtatc
aacaacatccaatacgtgttgatattgccggtagtgtagaaagtatatacgatattacaaaagatgattt
gtatctatgttatgaaacgttttatcatccatcaaatatggttttatttgttgttggtgatgtgaatcca
gaagaaatatgtcgaatagtaaaacagcacgaggatgctcgtaataaagtaagccaacctaaaatcgaac
gaggacttgttgatgaaccggaggatgttaaagaagcatttgttactgaatctatgaaaattcaatcacc
aagactaatgcttggttttaaaaataaaccattacaagaagcgcctcaaaaatatgtacaacgtgattta
gaaatgtcattattctttgagttaatttttggggaagaaacagatttttatcagaatttattaaacgaag
gacttatcgatgatacatttggttatcaatttgtactagagccgacgtatagtttttcaatcgtgacaag
cgctactgaagaaccagataaattaaaaaaattattattagatgagttgcgtgataaaaaaggcaatttc
caagatgcacaagcatttgaacttttgaaaaagcaatttataggtgaattcatatcaagtttaaactcac
ctgaatatattgctaatcaatatactaaattgtattttgaaggtgttagcgtgtttgacatgttagacat
tgttgaaaatatcacgttagatagtattaacgaaacgtcatcgttatatttaaatttagatcagcaagtc
gatagtcgtttggagattaaaaagtaa
>Potential gene 11:9167..10348, 1182 bp
atggcacctttagaatatgacacaataacagctagatcattattaagcaaattattagttcgagcaacta
agaaatggccaaccgataagtcgtttaataatcacttagccgatttatatggtgcgtatgtgaatagtac
aatttcaaaattcaaagatcagcatgtcattacattttcattagaaattgttaatgaacgttatttaaga
aacggtgaatcattatttaatcaaggattagatttattacacgaaatcatttggaatccattaattgaaa
ataaagcattcaatgataattttgttaaccaagagaaaacattattagccaaaaaaatagaagcaatggt
agataataaagcacaatattcgtttttaaaattactcgaccatatgtttgaaaatgaagcatataaatac
ttatctacaggacaactagaacaaatcccacatattactgctgaaacactatatcatacatatcaatcaa
tgattaataatgatcaatgttctgtttatgttgtcggcaatgtagaacctgaaagtgttgagaaacaaat
acgtgaaaaatttgcacttaaaccattcgataaacatcaattccaacattctactcatcatttacacgat
gaagaagttgattatattgttgaatatgatgacgtggatcaagctaaattaaatatgggataccgttttc
caacacaatatggacaaagtggatatgctgcctttgttgtatttaacatgatgtttggaggagatccttc
atctgttttatttaatgaagtgcgagaaaagcaaagtttagcgtactctatacattcacaaattgatggc
aaaaatggctatttatttgttttgagtggggtttcaagtgataagtacgaaactgcaaaagatactatta
taagtgaatttgaaaaaataaaagcaggagatttcactgaagaaaaattagagttagctaaaaaagtaat
catttctcatcgatatgaatctgaagatcgtccgaaaagtattatagagattatgcataaccaaatatta
ttagagcaaccacaaagcaaagaaacatttataaatgatatacagaaggtaagtcgcgaagatattgtta
ctgttgctgaaaaagcatttttagatacaatctatgtgttgacaaaaggaggggataaataa
>Potential gene 12:10463..11194, 732 bp
atgacgaggtgtaaaaaaatgtcagaaatgaatgcggtatataacgttaaacaatacattttaaatttga
ttaagcaaaataaattggaatatggtgaccaacttccaagtaatttatcaattgccagagaattaaatgt
aaaaaccgacgatgtttatgaagcaattcaggcattgattactgaacaagtcattaaagataattttgaa
gagggcacaagtgttaagtcactgccccctttcttttatccattgaatgaacttataagtattgggcaaa
tgattaaaaatgcaggatttgaatgcggaactgaatacttaaattttgatgagcaaccagcaactatgtt
agatgcaaatttgttgagcgttgaagaaggatatccagtaaccattatagaacgattacgaactgccgat
ggagaaccggtcgtctattgtttagataaaattgctaaaaaagaattaacatgtacagagtatcaaatga
gcaatggatcgattctaagtgcgataaaagaacaaagtaatcataatatttgttatgctgatacagaaat
tgaagcggtaaattatgaacctcgaatatccgaagtactgaatgcttcgccacacgaaggtttgatttta
ttaaaaattacgcactataatgaatcagatgaacctattttgtattcattaaattatatgaaaaatagct
tagttcaatttaaaatcactagaaaaatatag
>Potential gene 13:11181..13424, 2244 bp
atggtgttgggtgttttccaattaggaataataggtcgtctaattgacagcttctttaattatttatttg
ggtacagtagatatttaacatatattttagtactcttagcaactggttttattacatactctaaacgtat
tcctaaaactagacgaacggctggttcgattgtattgcaaattgcattgctatttgtatcacagttagtt
tttcattttaatagtggtatcaaagctgaaagagaacctgtactttcttatgtgtatcagtcataccaac
acagtcatttcccaaattttggtggcggtgtattaggcttttatttattagagttaagcgtacctttaat
ttcattatttggtgtatgtattattactattttattattatgctcaagtgttattttattaacaaaccat
caacatcgtgaagtagcaaaagttgtactggaaaatataaaagcttggtttggttcatttaatgaaaaaa
tgtcggaaaaaaaccaagaaaaacaattgaagcgtgaagaaaaagcgagacttaaagaagaacaaaaggc
acgtcaaaatgaacagccacaaataaaagatgtgagtgattttacggaagtgcctcaagaaagagatatt
ccaatttatgggcatactgaaaatgaaagtaaaagtcagagtcaaccaagtcggaaaaagcgagtgttcg
atgcagagaatagttcgaataacatcgtaaatcatcatcaagcagatcagcaagaacaattaacagaaca
aactcataacagtgttgaaagtgaaaacactattgaagaagctggtgaagttacgaatgtatcgtatgtt
gttccaccgttaactttacttaatcaacctgcaaaacaaaaagcaacatctaaagctgaagtgcaacgta
aaggacaagtactagagaatacattaaaagattttggggtaaatgcaaaagtgacacaaattaaaattgg
tcctgcagtaactcaatatgaaattcaaccagctcaaggggttaaagtgagtaaaattgtaaacctgcac
aatgatatcgcattagctttagcagcaaaagatgttagaatcgaagcgccaatacctggtcgctctgcag
taggtattgaagtgccaaatgagaaaatttcattagtttcactaaaagaagttttagatgaaaaattccc
gtctaataataaactagaagttggattaggaagagatatatcaggtgatccaattactgttccactaaat
gaaatgccacacttattggtggcaggatcgacgggtagtggtaaatctgtttgtataaatggtattatta
caagtattttattaaatgctaaaccgcatgaagttaaacttatgttaatcgatccgaaaatggttgaact
aaatgtttataacggaattccacatttattaattccggttgttacaaatcctcataaagctgctcaagct
ttagaaaaaattgtagctgagatggaaagacgttatgatttattccaacattcatcaactagaaatatta
aaggttataacgaattaatccgtaagcaaaatcaagaattagatgagaagcaaccagaattaccttatat
cgttgttattgtagatgagcttgcagatttaatgatggtagctggtaaagaagttgaaaatgcgattcaa
cgtgtcacacaaatggcacgtgcagcaggtatacatttgattgtagcgacacaaagaccttctgtggatg
taattacaggtatcattaaaaataatattccatctagaatagcttttgctgtgagttctcaaacagattc
aagaactattattggtactggcggcgcagaaaagttacttggtaaaggtgacatgttatacgttggaaat
ggtgactcatcacaaacacgtattcaaggggcgtttttaagtgaccaagaggtgcaagatgttgtaaatt
atgtagtagaacaacaacaggcaaattatgtaaaagaaatggaaccagatgcaccagtggataaatcgga
aatgaaaagtgaagatgctttatatgatgaagcgtatttgtttgttgttgaacaacaaaaggcaagtaca
tcattgttacaacgccaatttagaattggttataatagagcatctaggttgatggatgatttagaacgca
atcaggtaatcggtccacaaaaaggaagcaagcctagacaagttttaatagatcttaataatgacgaggt
gtaa
>Potential gene 14:13807..15531, 1725 bp
atgaatagtgagtttatatatggacgggtaacaaatttaggaggtaagattttgagtttaataaagaaaa
agaataaagatattcgcattataccattaggcggtgttggcgaaattgctaaaaatatgtatatcgttga
agtagacgatgaaatgtttatgttagatgctggacttatgtttccagaagacgaaatgctaggtattgat
attgttataccagacatttcatacgtacttgaaaataaagataaattgaagggtatattccttacacacg
gacatgagcacgcgattggtgcagtgagttatgttttagaacaattagatgcaccagtatatggatctaa
attgacaatagcgttaattaaagaaaatatgaaagcccgtaatattgataaaaaagttcgctactacaca
gttaataatgattcaattatgagattcaaaaacgtgaatattagtttctttaatacgacacacagtattc
ctgatagtttaggtgtttgtattcatacttcatatggtgccattgtgtatacaggtgaatttaagtttga
ccaaagtttacatggacattatgcaccagatattaaacgtatggcagagattggtgaagaaggcgtattt
gtcttaatcagtgattctactgaggcagagaaacctggatataatactccggaaaatgtgattgaacatc
atatgtatgacgcttttgcaaaagtgcgaggtcgcttgattgtttcatgttatgcttcgaactttatacg
tatacagcaagttttaaatattgctagcaagctaaatcgtaaagtgtcatttttaggaagatcacttgaa
agttcatttaatattgctcgtaaaatggggtatttcgacattcctaaagatttgctaattcctataacag
aagttgataattatcctaaaaatgaagtgataattatagctactggtatgcaaggagaacctgtagaagc
cttaagtcaaatggcgcaacataagcataaaattatgaatatcgaagaaggcgattctgtatttttagca
attacggcttctgctaatatggaagttatcattgcgaatacattaaatgagcttgtacgtgctggcgcac
atattattccaaataacaagaagattcatgcttcaagtcatggttgcatggaagaattaaaaatgatgat
taatattatgaaacctgaatactttattcctgtacaaggtgaatttaaaatgcagatagcacatgcgaag
ctagcagctgaagcaggtgttgcaccagaaaagattttccttgtggaaaaaggagatgtcattaattaca
acggtaaagatatgatattaaatgaaaaggtaaattcaggaaatattttaatagatggtattggtattgg
ggatgtaggaaatatcgtgttgagagaccgtcatcttttagcagaagatggtatctttattgctgtagta
acgttagatcctaaaaatagacgtatagctgcgggacctgaaattcaatctcgtgggtttgtatatgtac
gtgaaagtgaagacttattacgtgaagcagaagagaaagtacgtgaaatagtagaggctggtttacaaga
aaaacgcatagaatggtctgaaattaagcaaaatatgcgtgatcaaattagtaaactattattcgaaagt
acaaaacgtcgtcctatgattattccagtaatttctgaaatttaa
>Potential gene 15:15716..17812, 2097 bp
atgtctcaagaaaagaaagtttttaaaactgaatgggcaggaagatctttaacgattgaaacagggcaat
tagctaaacaagcaaatggcgctgtattggttcgttatggagatacagtcgtgttatcgacggcaactgc
atcaaaagaacctcgtgatggagatttcttcccattaacagtgaactatgaagaaaaaatgtacgctgcg
ggtaaaattcctggtggatttaaaaagagagaaggacgtcctggtgacgatgcaacattaactgcgcgat
taattgatagaccaattagacctttattccctaaaggatataagcatgatgttcaaattatgaacatggt
attaagtgcagatcctgattgttcaccacaaatggctgcaatgattggttcatctatggcgcttagtgtg
tcggatattccattccaagggccaatcgccggtgtaaatgtgggttatattgacggtaaatatatcatta
acccaacagtagaagaaaaagaagtttctcgtttagaccttgaagtagctggtcataaagatgcagtaaa
catggtagaggcaggcgctagtgagattactgaacaagaaatgttagaggcgattttctttggtcatgaa
gagattcaacgtttagttgagttccaacaacaaatcgtcgaccacattcaacctgttaaacaagaattta
ttccagcagagcgtgatgaagcgctagttgaacgtgtaaaatctttaaccgaagaaaaaggacttaaaga
aacagttttaacatttgataaacaacaacgagatgaaaatcttgataacttaaaagaagaaatcgtcaat
gaatttatcgatgaagaagatccagagaatgaattacttattaaagaagtttatgcaattttaaatgaat
tagtgaaagaagaagttcgacgtttaattgcagatgaaaaaattagaccagacggccgtaaacctgatga
aatccgtccattagattctgaagttggtattttacctagaacgcatggttcaggtctatttacacgtggt
cagactcaagcactttcagttttaacattaggtgctttaggcgattatcaattaattgatggtttaggac
ctgaagaagaaaaaagattcatgcatcattataacttcccgaatttttcagtaggtgaaactggtccagt
acgtgcgccaggtcgtcgtgaaattggacatggtgcgttaggtgaaagagcattaaaatatattattcct
gatactgctgatttcccatatacaattcgtattgtaagtgaggtacttgaatcaaacggttcatcatctc
aagcgtcaatttgtggatcaacattagcattaatggatgcgggcgtaccgattaaagcaccagttgctgg
tattgctatgggccttgttacacgtgaagatagctatacgattttaactgatatccaaggtatggaagat
gcattaggtgatatggactttaaagtcgctggtactaaagaaggtattacagcaatccaaatggatatta
aaattgatggtttaacgcgtgaaattatcgaagaggctctagaacaagcgagacgtggtcgtttagaaat
aatgaatcatatgttacaaacaattgatcaaccacgtactgaattaagtgcttacgcgccaaaagttgta
actatgacaattaaaccagataagattagagatgttatcggacctggtggtaaaaaaattaacgaaatta
ttgatgaaacaggcgttaaattagatattgaacaagatggtactatctttattggggccgttgatcaagc
tatgataaatcgtgctcgtgaaatcattgaggaaattacacgtgaagcggaagtaggtcaaacttatcaa
gccactgttaaacgtattgaaaaatacggtgcgtttgtaggcctattcccgggtaaagatgcgttgcttc
acatttcacaaatttcaaaaaatagaattgaaaaagtggaagatgtattaaaaatcggtgacacaattga
agttaagattactgaaattgataaacaaggtcgagtaaatgcttcacacagagcattagaagaataa
>Potential gene 16:18182..18451, 270 bp
atggcaatttcacaagaacgtaaaaacgaaatcattaaagaataccgtgtacacgaaactgatactggtt
caccagaagtacaaatcgctgtacttactgcagaaatcaacgcagtaaacgaacacttacgtacacacaa
aaaagaccaccattcacgtcgtggattattaaaaatggtaggtcgtcgtagacatttattaaactactta
cgtagtaaagatattcaacgttaccgtgaattaattaaatcacttggtatccgtcgttaa
>Potential gene 17:18566..19537, 972 bp
atgaaagtcatagaagtgacacatcctatacaatctaaacagtatattacagaggatgttgcaatggcat
tcggatttttcgatggcatgcataaaggtcatgacaaagtctttgatatattaaacgaaatagctgaggc
acgcagtttaaaaaaagcggtgatgacatttgatccgcatccatctgtcgtgttgaatcctaaaagaaaa
cgaacaacgtatttaacgccactttcagataaaatcgaaaaaattagccaacatgatattgattattgta
tagtggttaatttttcatctaggtttgctaatgtgagcgttgaagattttgttgaaaattatataattaa
aaataatgtaaaagaagtcattgctggttttgattttacttttggtaaatttggaaaaggtaatatgact
gttcttcaagaatatgatgcgtttaatacgacaattgtgagtaaacaagaaattgaaaatgaaaaaattt
ctacaacttctattcgtcaagatttaatcaatggtgagttgcaaaaagcgaatgatgctttaggctatat
atattctattaaaggcactgtagtgcaaggtgaaaaaaggggaagaactattggcttcccaacagctaac
attcaacctagtgatgattatttgttgcctcgtaaaggtgtttatgctgttagtattgaaatcggcactg
aaaataaattatatcgaggggtagctaacataggtgtaaagccaacatttcatgatcctaacaaagcaga
agttgtcatcgaagtgaatatctttgactttgaggataatatttatggtgaacgagtgaccgtgaattgg
catcatttcttacgtcctgagattaaatttgatggtatcgacccattagttaaacaaatgaatgatgata
aatcgcgtgctaaatatttattagcagttgattttggtgatgaagtagcttataatatctag
>Potential gene 18:19552..20526, 975 bp
atgaataaattcagttgaaacgctattaaaatatattttaaaaaagaaggtgactatatgtataatggga
tattaccagtatataaagagcgcggtttaacaagtcatgacgttgtattcaaattgcgtaaaatattaaa
aactaaaaaaataggtcacacgggtacgcttgatcccgaagttgcaggcgtgttaccggtatgtataggt
aatgcaacgagagttagtgattatgttatggatatgggcaaagcttatgaagcaactgtatcgataggaa
gaagtacaacgactgaagatcaaacgggtgatacattggaaacaaaaggtgtacactcagcagattttaa
taaggacgatattgaccgattgttagaaagttttaaaggtatcattgaacaaattccgccgatgtactca
tccgtcaaagtaaatggtagaaaattatatgaatatgcgcgtaataatgaaacagttgaaagaccaaagc
gtaaagttaatattaaagacattgggcgtatatctgaattagattttaaagaaaatgagtgtcattttaa
aatacgcgtcatctgtggtaaaggtacatatattagaacgctagcaactgatattggtgtgaaattaggc
tttccggcacatatgtcgaaattaacacgaatcgagtctggtggatttgtgttgaaagatagccttacat
tagaacaaataaaagaacttcatgagcaggattcattgcaaaataaattgtttcctttagaatatggatt
aaagggtttgccaagcattaaaattaaagattcgcacataaaaaaacgtattttaaatgggcagaaattt
aataaaaatgaatttgataacaaaattaaagaccaaattgtatttattgatgatgattcagaaaaagtat
tagcaatttatatggtacaccctacaaaagaatcagaaattaaacctaaaaaagtctttaattaa
>Potential gene 19:20638..21030, 393 bp
atgcaaataacaattgaacttaaagataaagaggtgacaagaatgagcagtatgagagcagagcgtgttg
gtgaacaaatgaagaaggaattaatggatatcatcaacaataaagtcaaagatcctcgagttggttttat
tacaattacagatgttgttttaacaaatgatttatcgcaggctaaagtatttttaactgtattaggtaac
gataaagaagtagaaaatacatttaaagcacttgataaagcaaaaggcttcattaagtctgaattaggtt
ctagaatgcgattacgtattatgccggaattaatgtatgaatatgatcaatcaatcgaatatggtaataa
aattgaacgaatgattcaagatttacacaaacaagatagataa
>Potential gene 20:21374..23515, 2142 bp
atgaatatcataaggagtgattatatgagtaaacaaagaatttacgaatatgcgaaagaattaaatctaa
agagtaaagagattatagatgagttaaaaagcatgaatattgaggtttcaaatcatatgcaagctttgga
agatgaccaaattaaagcattagataaaaagttcaaaaaagaacaaaagaacgacaataaacaaagcact
caaaataatcaccaaaaatcaaacaatcaaaaccaaaataaagggcaacaaaaagataacaaaaagaatc
aacaacaaaataataaaggcaacaaaggcaataaaaagaataatagaaataataagaaaaataacaagaa
taataaaccacaaaatcaaccagctgctccaaaagaaataccatcaaaagtgacatatcaagaaggtatt
acagtaggcgaatttgcggataaattaaatgttgaatcatccgaaattatcaaaaaattattcttacttg
gtattgttgctaatatcaatcaatcattaaatcaagaaacaatcgaattaattgccgatgattatggcgt
tgaggttgaagaagaagttgtgattaatgaagaagatttatcaatctactttgaagacgaaaaagatgat
ccagaagcaattgagagaccagcagttgtaacaattatgggacatgttgaccatggtaaaacgactttat
tagattcaattcgtcatacaaaagttacagcaggtgaagcaggcggaatcactcaacatattggtgcata
tcaaattgaaaacgatggcaaaaaaatcactttcttagatacaccgggacatgctgcatttacaacgatg
cgtgcgcgtggtgcacaagtaacagatattacaattttagtagttgcagctgacgatggtgttatgccac
aaacaattgaagcaattaaccatgctaaagaagcagaagtaccaattattgttgcagtaaataaaattga
taaaccaacttcaaatcctgatcgagttatgcaagaattaactgaatatggtttaattcctgaagattgg
ggcggcgaaacaattttcgttccactttctgcattaagtggtgatggtatcgacgatttattagaaatga
taggattagttgcagaagttcaagaacttaaagcaaatcctaaaaaccgtgctgttggtacagttatcga
agctgaattagataaatcacgtggtccttctgcatcattattagtacaaaatggtacattaaatgttggt
gatgcgattgtagttggtaatacttacggccgtatccgtgcaatggttaatgacttaggtcaaagaatca
aaacggctggtccatcaacgcctgttgaaattacaggtattaatgatgtgccacaagctggggatcgctt
tgttgtatttagtgatgaaaaacaagctcgtcgtattggtgaatcaagacacgaagctagcattgtacaa
caacgtcaagaaagtaaaaatgtttcattagataacctgtttgaacaaatgaaacaaggtgaaatgaaag
atttaaacgttattattaaaggtgatgttcaaggttctgttgaagctttagctgcatcattaatgaaaat
tgatgttgaaggcgtaaatgttcgtatcattcatacagcggttggtgcaattaatgagtcagacgtgaca
cttgctaatgcctcaaatggtattatcattggtttcaatgttcgtccagacagtggtgcaaaacgtgctg
cagaagctgaaaatgttgatatgcgtttacacagagttatttataatgttatcgaagaaattgaatcagc
gatgaaaggtttacttgatccagaatttgaagaacaagttatcggacaagctgaagttcgtcaaacattc
aaagtttctaaagttggtactattgctggatgttatgttactgaaggtaaaattacgcgaaatgctggtg
tacgtattattcgtgatggtattgttcaatatgaaggcgaattagatacacttaaacgtttcaaagatga
tgctaaggaagttgcaaaaggttatgaatgtggtattacaattgaaaactacaatgaccttaaagaaggc
gatgttatcgaagcatttgaaatggttgaaattaagcgttaa
>Potential gene 21:23484..23813, 330 bp
atgagtatagatcaaatattaaactttttaggattagcaatgagagctggtaaagtaaaaacaggtgaat
cagtcattgttaatgagattaaaaaaggaaatttgaagctcgttattgttgcaaatgatgcgtctgataa
tacagctaaattaattacagataaatgtaagagttacaaagttccattcagaaagtttggaaatcgaaat
gaattgggaatagcacttggaaaaggtgagcgtgttaatgtagggattactgacccaggctttgctaaaa
agttgctatcaatgatagatgaatatcataaggagtgattatatgagtaa
>Potential gene 22:23804..24094, 291 bp
atgaaaaagaaaaaaattccgatgcgaaaatgtattctttcaaatgaaatgcatcccaaaaaagatatga
ttcgtgttgttgttaataaagaaggcgaaatctttgcggatgttactggaaagaaacaaggccgtggcgc
atatgtttctaaagatgttgctatggttgaaaaagcacaacaaaaagaaattttagaaaaatattttaaa
gcatctaaagagcaattggatcctgtttacaaagaaattattagattaatttatagagaagaaatcccaa
aatgagtatag
>Potential gene 23:24115..25137, 1023 bp
atggatcaaggtactttcaaagttatcgctcgtaaagatgttgttgaagaagtatttgacgacagagatg
aagtggatttaagtacagcgcttgttaaaaaccctgcatatgaaattggtgatatatacgaagaagatgt
aacacctaaagattttggtcgtgtaggtgctcaagcagcgaaacaagcagtaatgcaacgtcttcgtgat
gctgaacgtgaaattttatttgaagaatttatagacaaagaagaagacatacttactggaattattgacc
gtgttgaccatcgttatgtatatgtgaatttaggtcgtatcgaagctgttttatctgaagcagaaagaag
tcctaacgaaaaatatattcctaacgaacgtatcaaagtatatgttaacaaagtggaacaaacgacaaaa
ggtcctcaaatctatgtttctcgtagccatccaggtttattaaaacgtttatttgaacaagaagttccag
aaatttacgatggtactgtaattgttaaatcagtagcacgtgaagctggcgatcgctctaaaattagtgt
cttctctgaaaacaatgatatagatgctgttggtgcatgtgttggtgccaaaggcgcgcgtgttgaagct
gttgttgaagagctaggtggcgaaaaaatcgacatcgttcaatggaatgaagatccaaaagtatttgtaa
aaaatgctttaagcccttctcaagttttagaagttattgttgatgaaacaaatcaatctacggtagttgt
tgttccagattatcaattgtcattagcgattggtaaaagaggacaaaacgcacgtctagctgctaaatta
accggctggaaaattgatattaaatcagaaacagatgcgcgtgaagcgggtatctatccagtagttgaag
ctgaaaaagtaactgaagaagatattgctttagaagatgctgacacaacagaatcaaccgaagaggtaaa
tgatgtttcagttgaaacaaatgtagagaaagaatctgaataa
>Potential gene 24:25311..25778, 468 bp
atgagtaaaattacagaacaagtagaagtgatcgttcaaccaataatggaagacttgaattttgaacttg
tagacgttgaatatgtcaaagagggtagagatcattttcttagaatctctattgataaagaaggtggcgt
agatttaaatgattgtacgctagcttctgaaaaaataagtgaagctatggatgcaaatgatcctattcct
gaaatgtattatttagacgtagcgtcacctggtgcagaacgtccaattaaaaaagaacaagatttccaaa
atgcaataactaaacctgtatttgtttctttatatgtaccaattgaaggtgaaaaggaatggttaggcat
tttacaagaagtcaataatgaaacaattgtagtacaagttaaaatcaaagcaagaacgaaagatatagag
ataccgagagacaaaatagcaaaagcacgtcacgcagttatgatttaa
>Potential gene 25:26066..30376, 4311 bp
atgacagagcaacaaaaatttaaagtgcttgctgatcaaattaaaatttcaaatcaattagatgctgaaa
ttttaaattcaggtgaactgacacgtatagatgtttctaacaaaaacagaacatgggaatttcatattac
attaccacaattcttagctcatgaagattatttattatttataaatgcaatagagcaagagtttaaagat
atcgccaacgttacatgtcgttttacggtaacaaatggcacgaatcaagatgaacatgtaattaaatact
ttggacactgtattgaccaaacagctttatctccaaaagttaaaggtcaattgaaacagaaaaagcttat
tatgtctggaaaagtattaaaagtaatggtatcaaatgacattgaacgtaatcattttgataaggcatgc
aatggaagtcttatcaaagcgtttagaaattgtggttttgatatcgataaaatcatattcgaaacaaatg
ataatgatcaagaacaaaacttagcttctttagaagcacatatacaagaagaagacgaacaaagtgcacg
attggcaacagagaaacttgaaaaaatgaaagctgaaaaagcgaaacaacaagataacaacgaaagtgct
gtcgataagtgtcaaattggtaagccgattcaaattgaaaatattaaaccaattgaatctattattgagg
aagagtataaagttgcaatagagggtgtcatttttgatattaacttaaaagaacttaaaagtggtcgtca
tatcgtagaaattaaagtgactgactatacggactctttagttttaaaaatgtttactcgtaaaaacaaa
gatgatttagaacattttaaagcgctaagtgttggtaaatgggttagggctcaaggtcgtattgaagaag
atacatttattagagatttagttatgatgatgtctgatattgaagagattaaaaaagcgacaaaaaaaga
taaggctgaagaaaagcgtgtagaattccacttgcatactgcaatgagtcaaatggatggtataccaaat
attagtgcgtatgttaaacaggcagcagactggggacatccagccattgcggttacagaccataatgttg
tgcaagcatttccagatgctcacgcagcagcggaaaaacatggtattaaaatgatatacggtatggaagg
tatgttagttgatgatggtgttccgattgcatacaaaccacaagatgtcgtattaaaagatgctacttat
gttgtattcgacgttgagacaactggtttatcaaatcagtatgataaaatcatcgagcttgcagctgtga
aagttcataacggcgaaatcatcgataagtttgaaaggtttagtaatccgcatgaacgattatcggaaac
gattatcaatttgacgcatattactgatgatatgttagtagatgcccctgagattgaagaagtacttaca
gaatttaaagaatgggttggcgatgcgatattcgtagcacataatgcttcgtttgatatgggcttcatcg
acacgggatatgaacgtcttggatttggaccatctacgaatggtgttatcgatacattagaattatctcg
tacgattaatactgaatatggtaaacatggtttaaatttcttagctaaaaaatacggtgtagaattaacg
caacatcaccgtgccatttatgatacagaggcaacagcttacattttcataaaaatggttcaacaaatga
aagaattaggcgtattaaatcataacgaaatcaacaaaaaactcagtaatgaagatgcatataaacgtgc
aagacctagtcatgtcacattaattgtacaaaaccaacaaggtcttaaaaatctatttaaaattgtaagt
gcatcattagtgaagtatttctaccgtacgcctcgaattccacgttcattgttagatgaatatcgtgagg
gattattggtaggtacagcgtgtgatgaaggtgaattatttacggcagttatgcagaaggaccagagcca
agttgaaaaaattgccaaatattatgattttattgaaattcaaccaccggcactttatcaagatttaatt
gatagagagcttattagagatactgaaacattacatgaaatttatcaacgtttaatacatgcaggtgaca
cagcgggtattcctgttattgcgacaggaaatgcacactatttgtttgaacatgatggtatcgcacgtaa
aattttaatagcatcacaacccggcaatccacttaatcgctcaactttaccggaagcacattttagaact
acagatgaaatgttaaacgagtttcattttttaggtgaagaaaaagcgcatgaaattgttgtgaaaaata
caaacgaattagcagatcgaattgaacgtgttgttcctattaaagatgaattatacacaccgcgtatgga
aggtgctaacgaagaaattagagaactaagttatgcaaatgcgcgtaaattgtatggtgaagacctgcct
caaatcgtaattgatcgattagaaaaagaattaaaaagtattatcggtaatggatttgcggtaatttact
taatttcgcaacgtttagttaaaaaatcattagatgatggatacttagttggttcccgtggttcagtagg
ttctagttttgtagcgacaatgactgagattactgaagtaaacccgttaccgccacactatatttgtccg
aactgtaaaaggagtgaatttttcaatgatggttcagtaggatcaggattcgatttacctgataagacgt
gtgaaacttgtggagcgccacttattaaagaaggacaagatattccgtttgaaacatttttaggatttaa
aggagataaagttcctgatatcgacttaaactttagtggtgaatatcaaccgaatgcccataactacaca
aaagtattatttggtgaggataaagtattccgtgcaggtacaattggtaccgttgctgaaaagactgctt
ttggttatgttaaaggttatttgaatgatcaaggcatccacaaaagaggcgctgaaatagatcgactcgt
taaaggatgtacaggtgttaaacgtacaaccggacagcatccagggggtattattgtagtacctgattac
atggatatttatgattttacgccgatacaatatcctgccgatgatcaaaattcagcatggatgacgacac
attttgatttccattctattcatgataatgtattaaaacttgatatacttggacatgatgatccaacaat
gattcgtatgcttcaagatttatcaggaattgatccaaaaacaatacctgtagatgataaagaagttatg
cagatttttagtacacctgaaagtttgggtgttactgaaaatgaaattttatgtaaaacaggtacatttg
gagtaccagaattcggtacaggattcgtgcgtcaaatgttagaagatacaaagccaacaacattttctga
attagttcaaatctcaggattatctcatgggacagatgtgtggttaggcaatgctcaagaattaattaaa
accggtatatgtgatttatcaagtgtaattggttgtcgtgatgatatcatggtttatttaatgtatgctg
gtttagaaccatcaatggcttttaaaataatggagtcagtacgtaaaggtaaaggtttaactgaagaaat
gattgaaacgatgaaagaaaatgaagtgccggattggtatttagattcatgtcttaaaattaagtacatg
ttccctaaagcccatgcagcagcatacgttttaatggcagtacgtatcgcatatttcaaagtacatcatc
cactttattactatgcatcttactttacaattcgtgcgtcagactttgatttaataacgatgattaaaga
taaaacaagcattcgaaatactgtaaaagacatgtattctcgctatatggatctaggtaaaaaagaaaaa
gacgtattaactgtcttggaaattatgaatgaaatggcgcatcgaggttatcgaatgcaaccgattagtt
tagaaaagagtcaggcgttcgaatttatcattgaaggcgatacacttattccgccgttcatatcagtgcc
tgggcttggcgaaaacgttgcgaaacgaattgttgaagctcgtgacgatggaccatttttatcaaaagaa
gatttaaacaaaaaagctggattatctcagaaaattattgagtatttagatgagttaggctcattaccga
atttaccagataaagctcaactttcgatattcgatatgtaa
>Potential gene 26:30640..32343, 1704 bp
atgaagcaatccaaagtttttataccaacgatgcgtgacgtgccatcagaagcagaagcacaaagtcatc
gtttattattgaaatcgggtttgataaaacaaagtacaagtgggatttatagttatttaccgctagcaac
acgtgtgttaaataatattactgcaattgtgcgacaagaaatggaacgtatcgattctgttgaaatttta
atgccagcgttacaacaagctgaattatgggaagaatcaggacgttggggtgcatatggcccagaattaa
tgcgtttacaagatagacatggaagacaatttgcattaggtccaacacatgaagaattagttacatcaat
agtaagaaatgaattgaaatcatacaaacaattaccgatgacattattccaaattcaatctaaattccgt
gatgaaaagagaccacgttttggtttacttcgtggtcgtgaatttattatgaaagatgcgtattcattcc
atgctgacgaggcatcattagatcaaacgtatcaagatatgtatcaagcgtatagccgtatttttgagag
agttggcattaacgcaagaccagtagttgcagattcaggtgctattggcggtagccatacacatgaattt
atggcattaagtgctatcggtgaggatacaatcgtttacagtaaagaaagcgattatgctgctaacatcg
aaaaagcagaagtcgtttacgaaccaaatcataagcatactactgtgcaacctatagaaaaaattgaaac
accaaatgttaagactgcgcaagaattggcagactttttaggtagaccagtagatgaaatcgttaaaacg
atgattttcaaagttgatggcgaatatattatggttttagtgcgtggacatcatgaaattaatgacatta
aattaaaatcttatttcggcacagataatattgaattagcaacacaagacgaaattgttaatttagttgg
tgcaaatcctggttcactaggtcctgtaattgataaagaaatcaaaatttatgcagataattttgtgcaa
gatttaaataatttagttgtcggtgctaacgaagatggttatcacttaattaatgtaaatgtaggtagag
acttcaacgttgatgcatatggcgatttccgttttattttagaaggcgaaaagttaagtgatggttcagg
cgttgcacattttgctgaaggtattgaagttggtcaagtatttaaattgggtactaagtattcagaatca
atgaatgctacattcttagataatcaaggaaaagctcaaccgttaattatgggttgttatggtattggaa
tttctagaacgctaagtgcaattgttgaacaaaatcacgatgataatggtattgtttggcctaaatcagt
tactccatttgatttacatttaatttctattaatcctaagaaagatgatcaacgagaactagcggatgca
ctatatgctgaatttaatactaaatttgatgtgttgtacgatgatcgtcaggaacgtgcgggtgtcaaat
ttaatgatgccgatttaattggtttaccactgcgaattgttgttggtaaacgtgcatcggaaggtattgt
agaagttaaagaacgtttaacaggtgatagcgaagaagtccacattgatgacttaatcactgtcattaca
aataaatatgataacttaaaataa
>Potential gene 27:32363..33574, 1212 bp
atgttttttgcgaaaagagcaggcattatgtgtccagaatttgcgatcggtatggggccaaaaattttta
gttttagaaaaaatgaaacactttacactattaggttattgcctgttggtggatatgttcgtatggcagg
agatggcttagaagagccaccagtcgagcccggtatgaacgttaaaattaaactgaatgaagaaaatgaa
ataacacatatcatattagatgatcatcataagtttcaacaaattgaagcgatcgaagttaaaaaatgtg
attttaaggatgacttattcatagaaggtatcactgcttatgataatgaaagacatcattttaaaattgc
tagaaagtctttctttgttgaaaatggtagcttagttcaaattgctccgagagacagacaatttgcacat
aaaaagccatggccgaaatttttaacattatttgcgggaccgttatttaactttatattagctttagtcc
tatttattggtcttgcatattatcaaggtacacctacgtctactgtagaacaagtcgcagataagtatcc
agcacaacaagcaggattacaaaaaggtgataaaattgttcaaattggcaaatataaaatatctgaattt
gatgatgttgataaggcgttagataaagttaaagataataagacgactgttaaatttgaacgtgatggta
aaacgaagtcagttgaattaacacctaaaaagactgaaagaaaactgactaaagtaagttcagagacgaa
gtatgttctcggattccaaccagcgagtgaacatacactttttaaaccaattgtattcggatttaaaagc
tttttaatcggtagtacttatatttttacagctgtagtaggtatgttggctagtatatttacgggcggat
tctcatttgatatgttaaatggtccggttggtatttatcataacgtagactcagttgttaaagcgggtat
cattagcttaattggttacactgcgttattaagtgtaaacttaggtattatgaatttaattcctattcct
gcactagacggtggtcgtattttatttgttatatatgaagcgattttcagaaaaccagttaataaaaaag
cggaaacaacgattattgctattggtgccattttcatggtcgttattatgatattagtaacgtggaatga
tattcgacgatatttcttataa
>Potential gene 28:33861..34643, 783 bp
atgaaagttagaacgctgacagctattattgccttaatcgtattcttgcctatcttgttaaaaggcggcc
ttgtgttaatgatatttgctaatatattagcattgattgcattaaaagaattgttgaatatgaatatgat
taaatttgtttcagttcctggtttaattagtgcagttggtcttatcatcattatgttgccacaacatgca
gggccatgggtacaagtaattcaattaaaaagtttaattgcaatgagctttattgtattaagttatactg
tcttatctaaaaacagatttagttttatggatgctgcattttgcttaatgtctgtggcttatgtaggcat
tggttttatgttcttttatgaaacgagatcagaaggattacattacatattatatgcctttttaattgtt
tggcttacagatacaggggcttacttgtttggtaaaatgatgggtaaacataagctttggccagtaataa
gtccgaataaaacaatcgaaggattcataggtggcttgttctgtagtttgatagtaccacttgcaatgtt
atattttgtagatttcaatatgaatgtatggatattacttggagtgacattgattttaagtttatttggt
caattaggtgatttagtggaatcaggatttaagcgtcatttcggcgttaaagactcaggtcgtatactac
ctggacacggtggtattttagaccgatttgacagctttatgtttgtgttaccattattaaatattttatt
aatacaagcttaa
>Potential gene 29:34650..35453, 804 bp
atgacagagatgatcaggctcggaggaaagaccatgtttaaaaagctaataaataaaaagaacactataa
ataattataatgaagaattagactcgtctaatatacctgaacatatcgctattattatggatggtaatgg
gcgatgggctaagaagcgaaaaatgcctagaattaaaggccattacgaaggtatgcaaacaataaaaaaa
attactaggatagctagtgatattggtgttaagtacttaactttatatgccttttccactgaaaattggt
caagacctgaaagtgaagtaaattatattatgaatttgcctgtcaatttcttaaagacattcttaccgga
actaattgaaaaaaatgtcaaagttgaaacaattggatttactgataagttgccaaaatcaacgatagaa
gcaattaataatgctaaagaaaagacagctaataataccggcttaaaattaatatttgcaattaattatg
gtggcagagcagaacttgttcatagtattaaaaatatgtttgacgagcttcatcaacaaggtttaaatag
tgatatcatagatgaaacatatataaacaatcatttaatgacaaaagactatcctgatccagagttgtta
attcgtacttcaggagaacaaagaataagtaatttcttgatttggcaagtttcgtatagtgaatttatct
ttaatcaaaaattatggcctgactttgacgaagatgaattaattaaatgtataaaaatttatcagtcacg
tcaaagacgctttggcggattgagtgaggagtag
>Potential gene 30:35793..36347, 555 bp
atgagtgacattattaatgaaactaaatcaagaatgcaaaaatcaatcgaaagcttatcacgtgaattag
ctaatatcagtgcaggaagagctaattcaaatttattaaacggcgtaacagttgattactatggtgcacc
aacacctgtacaacaattagcaagcatcaatgttccagaagcacgtttacttgttatttctccatacgac
aaaacttctgtagctgacatcgaaaaagcgataatagcggctaacttaggtgtcaacccaacaagtgatg
gtgaagtgatacgtattgcagtacctgccttaacagaagagcgtagaaaagagcgcgttaaagatgttaa
gaaaattggtgaagaagctaaagtatctgttcgaaatattcgtcgtgatatgaatgatcagttgaaaaaa
gatgaaaaaaatggcgacattactgaagatgagttgagaagtggtactgaagatgttcaggaagcaacag
acaattcaataaaagaaattgatcaaatgattgctgataaagaaaaagatattatgtcagtataa
>Potential gene 31:36366..37088, 723 bp
atggctcaaatttctaaatataaacgtgtagttttgaaactaagtggtgaagcgttagctggagaaaaag
gatttggcataaatccagtaattattaaaagtgttgctgagcaagtggctgaagttgctaaaatggactg
tgaaatcgcagtaatcgttggtggcggaaacatttggagaggtaaaacaggtagtgacttaggtatggac
cgtggaactgctgattacatgggtatgcttgcaactgtaatgaatgccttagcattacaagatagtttag
aacaattggattgtgatacacgagtattaacatctattgaaatgaagcaagtggctgaaccttatattcg
tcgtcgtgcaattagacacttagaaaagaaacgtgtagttatttttgctgcaggtattggaaacccatac
ttctctacagatactacagcggcattacgtgctgcagaagttgaagcagatgttattttaatgggcaaaa
ataatgtagatggtgtatattctgcagatcctaaagtaaacaaagatgcggtaaaatatgaacatttaac
gcatattcaaatgcttcaagaaggtttacaagtaatggattcaacagcatcctcattctgtatggataat
aacattccgttaactgttttctctattatggaagaaggaaatattaaacgtgctgttatgggtgaaaaga
taggtacgttaattacaaaataa
>Potential gene 32:37225..38106, 882 bp
atggcaactatttcagcaaaacttgttaaagaattacgtgaaaaaactggcgcgggtatgatggattgta
aaaaagcgctaactgaaactgatggtgacatcgataaagcgattgactacctacgtgaaaaaggtattgc
taaagcagctaaaaaagcagaccgtattgcggctgaaggtttagtacatgtagaaactaaaggtaacgac
gcagttatcgttgaaatcaactctgaaacagactttgttgctcgtaacgaaggtttccaagagttagtta
aagaaatcgctaatcaagtattagatacaaaagctgaaactgttgaagctttaatggaaacaactttacc
aaatggtaaatcagttgatgaaagaattaaagaagcaatttcaacaatcggtgaaaaattaagtgttcgt
cgttttgctatcagaactaaaactgataacgatgctttcggcgcttacttacacatgggtggacgcattg
gtgtattaacagttgttgaaggttcaactgacgaagaagcagcaagagacgttgctatgcatatcgctgc
aatcaaccctaaatatgtttcttctgaacaagttagcgaagaagaaatcaaccacgaaagagaagtttta
aaacaacaagcattaaatgaaggtaaaccagaaaacatcgttgaaaaaatggtggaaggacgtttacgta
aatacttacaagaaatttgtgctgtagatcaagacttcgttaaaaaccctgatgtaacagttgaagcttt
cttaaaaacaaaaggtggaaaacttgttgacttcgtacgctatgaagtaggcgaaggtatggaaaaacgc
gaagaaaactttgcggatgaagttaaaggacaaatgaaataa
>Potential gene 33:38288..39055, 768 bp
atggcagtaatttcaatgaaacaattactagaagcgggtgttcacttcggtcaccaaacacgtcgttgga
acccaaaaatgaaaaaatatatcttcactgagagaaatggtatttatatcatcgacttacaaaaaacagt
gaaaaaagtagacgaggcatacaacttcttgaaacaagtttcagaagatggtggacaagtcttattcgta
ggaactaaaaaacaagcacaagaatcagttaaatctgaagcagaacgtgctggtcaattctacattaacc
aaagatggttaggtggattattaactaactataaaacgatctcaaaacgaatcaaacgtatttctgaaat
tgaaaaaatggaagaagatggtttattcgaagtattacctaaaaaagaagtagtagaacttaaaaaagaa
tatgaccgtttaatcaaattcttaggcggaattcgtgatatgaaatcaatgcctcaagcattattcgtag
ttgacccacgtaaagagcgtaatgcaattgctgaagctcgtaaattaaatattcctatcgtaggtatcgt
tgacactaactgtgatcctgacgaaattgactacgttatcccagcaaacgacgatgctatccgtgcggtt
aaattattaactgctaaaatggcagatgcaatcttagaaggtcaacaaggcgtttctaatgaagaagtag
ctgcagaacaaaacatcgatttagatgaaaaagaaaaatcagaagaaacagaagcaactgaagaataa
>Potential gene 34:39397..40170, 774 bp
atgagcttattatctaaaacgagagagttaaacacgttacttcaaaaacacaaaggtattgcggttgatt
ttaaagatgtagcacaaacgattagtagcgtaactgtaacaaatgtatttattgtatcgcgtcgaggtaa
aattttaggatcgagtctaaatgaattattaaaaagtcaaagaattattcaaatgttggaagaaagacat
attccaagtgaatatacagaacgattaatggaagttaaacaaacagaatcaaatattgatatcgacaatg
tattaacagttttcccacctgaaaacagagaattattcatagatagtcgtacaactatcttcccaatttt
aggtggaggagaaagattaggtacattagtacttggtcgagtacatgatgattttaatgaaaatgatttg
gtactaggtgaatatgctgctacagttattggtatggaaatcttacgtgagaagcatagtgaagtagaaa
aagaagcgcgcgataaagctgctattacaatggcaattaattcattatcttattctgaaaaagaagcaat
tgaacatatctttgaagaacttggcggtacggaaggcctattaatcgcatcaaaagttgcagatagagtt
ggtattactagatctgtaattgtaaatgcactacgtaaattagaaagtgctggtgtaattgaatcacgtt
ctttaggaatgaaaggtactttcattaaagttaaaaaagaaaaattcttagatgaattagaaaaaagtaa
gtaa
>Potential gene 35:40195..41607, 1413 bp
atgaaattaatggatacagctggaataagattaactccaaaagaaatcgtatctaaattaaatgaataca
tcgttggacaaaatgatgctaaacgtaaagtggcaattgccctacgtaatcgatacagaagaagtttatt
agatgaggaatcaaagcaagaaatttcacctaaaaatattttgatgattggaccaaccggcgttggtaaa
actgaaattgcaagaagaatggccaaagttgtcggcgcaccatttataaaagtagaagctactaaattta
ctgaggtaggttatgtaggacgagatgttgaaagtatggttagagatcttgttgatgtttcagtaaggtt
agtcaaggcgcagaaaaaatcattggtacaagatgaagcaacagctaaggctaatgaaaaacttgttaag
ttattagttccaagtatgaaaaagaaagcatctcaaacgaataatcctttagagtcacttttcggaggtg
caattccaaatttcggacaaaataacgaagatgaagaagaaccacctactgaggaaattaaaacaaaacg
ttctgaaattaagagacaattagaagaaggcaaacttgaaaaagaaaaggtaagaattaaagtcgaacaa
gatcctggtgctttaggtatgctaggtacaaatcaaaatcagcaaatgcaagagatgatgaatcaattaa
tgcctaaaaagaaagttgagcgagaagttgctgttgagacggcaaggaaaatactagctgatagttatgc
ggatgaactaattgatcaagaaagcgctaaccaagaagcacttgaattagcagaacaaatgggtatcatc
tttatagatgaaatcgacaaagttgcgacgaataatcataatagtggtcaagatgtctcaagacaaggtg
ttcaaagagatattttacctatacttgaaggtagcgttattcaaaccaaatatggtactgtgaatactga
acatatgctgtttataggtgctggagctttccatgtatctaagccgagtgacttgataccagaattgcaa
ggtcgttttccgattagagttgaacttgatagtttatcggtagaagattttgtaagaattttgacagaac
caaaattgtcattaattaaacaatatgaagcattgcttcaaacagaagaagttactgtaaactttaccga
tgaagcaattactcgcttagctgagattgcctatcaagtaaatcaagatacagacaatattggtgcacgt
cgacttcatacaattttagaaaagatgctagaagatttatcattcgaagcaccaagtatgccgaatgcag
ttgtagatattaccccacaatatgttgatgataaattaaaatcaatttcaacaaataaagatttaagtgc
atttattctataa
>Potential gene 36:41664..42209, 546 bp
atgagtaatacaacattacatgcaacaacaatttatgctgtaagacataatgggaaagcagctatggctg
gagatgggcaagtaacgcttggtcaacaagtcatcatgaaacaaacggcaagaaaagtgcgacgtttata
tgaagataaagtgttagctggtttcgcaggtagtgtagcagatgcgtttacgttatttgaaaaattcgaa
acaaaattacaacagtttagtggtaacttagaaagagctgctgttgaattggcacaagaatggcgaggcg
ataaacaattacgtcaattagaagctatgctaattgtaatggataaagatgctattttagttgtcagtgg
aactggcgaagttattgccccagatgatgaccttatcgctattggatcaggaggcaactacgcattaagc
gcaggacgtgcattgaaacgccatgcatcgcatttgtctgctgaagaaatggcatatgagagcttgaaag
tagcggctgatatttgtgtctttaccaacgataatattgttgtcgaaacactataa
>Potential gene 37:42167..42853, 687 bp
atgacgcttgatgagaacattattaatccatttgttcaattagtacatccgaaaaaagaaaaatatcttc
cgcaattcttttacgaagaagaaatggaagcgttatttaaaactgtagaagaggacacttcaaaaagttt
acgggatcgagttattcttgaattgttatatgctacaggtatccgtgtttcggaattagttaatattaaa
aaacaagatatagatttttacgcgaatggtgttaccgtgttaggaaaagggagcaaagagcgctttgtac
cgtttggtgcttattgtagacaaagcatcgaaaattatttagaacatttcaaacctattcagtcatgcaa
tcatgattttcttattgtaaatatgaagggtgaagcaatcactgaacgcggtgtacgatatgttttaaat
gatattgttaaacgaacagcaggcgtaagtgagattcatccccacaagctcagacatacatttgcaacgc
atttattgaatcaaggtgcagacctaagaacagtacaatcattattaggtcatgttaatttgtcaacaac
tggtaaatatacacacgtatctaaccaacaattaagaaaagtgtatctaaatgcacatcctcgagcgaaa
aaggagaatgaaacatgagtaatacaacattacatgcaacaacaatttatgctgtaa
>Potential gene 38:43519..44826, 1308 bp
atgactcaaactgtaaatgtaataggtgctggtcttgccggttcagaagcggcatatcaattagctgaaa
gaggaattaaagttaatctaatagagatgagacctgttaaacaaacaccagcgcaccatactgataaatt
tgcggaacttgtatgttccaattcattacgcggaaatgctttaactaatggtgtgggtgttttaaaagaa
gaaatgagaagattgaattctataattattgaagcggctgataaggcacgagttccagctggtggtgcat
tagcagttgatagacacgatttttcaggttatattactgaaacactcaaaaatcatgaaaatatcacagt
tattaatgaagaaattaatgccattccagatggatacacaattatcgcaacaggaccacttactacagaa
acgcttgctcaagaaatagtggacattactggtaaagatcaactttatttctatgatgcagctgctccaa
ttattgaaaaagaatctattgatatggataaagtttacttaaagtcccgttatgataaaggtgaagctgc
atatttaaactgtcctatgactgaggatgaatttaatcgtttttatgatgcagtattagaagctgaagtt
gcgcctgtaaattcatttgaaaaagaaaaatatttcgagggttgtatgccttttgaagtaatggcagaac
gcggacgcaagacattactatttggaccaatgaaaccagtaggattagaagatccaaagactgggaaacg
tccttatgcagtggttcaattaagacaagatgacgctgctggcacactctacaatattgtcggcttccaa
acgcatttaaaatggggagctcaaaaagaagttattaaattaattccaggcttagaaaatgttgatattg
ttagatatggtgtgatgcatagaaataccttcattaactcaccggacgtattaaacgagaaatatgaatt
gatttcacaaccaaacatacagtttgcgggacaaatgactggtgttgaaggttatgtggaaagcgcagct
agtggcttagttgcaggcatcaatcttgcgcataaaatattaggcaaaggtgaggtagtatttccgagag
aaactatgattggaagtatggcttactatatttctcatgctaaaaacaataagaatttccaacctatgaa
tgctaactttgggttattaccatctttagaaactagaattaaagataaaaaagaacgctatgaagcacaa
gctaatagagctttggattacttagaaaatttcaaaaaaactttataa
>Potential gene 39:44982..47057, 2076 bp
atgacattggcagataatttagtcattgttgaatcgcctgcaaaagcaaaaaccattgaaaagtatttag
gtaagaaatataaagttatagcttcaatgggacacgtcagagacttaccaagaagtcaaatgggtgtcga
cactgaagataattacgaaccaaaatatataacaatacgcggaaaaggtcctgttgtaaaagaattgaaa
aagcatgcaaaaaaagcgaaaaacgtctttctcgcaagtgaccccgaccgtgaaggtgaagcaattgctt
ggcatttatcaaaaattttagagcttgaagattctaaagaaaatcgcgttgttttcaacgaaataactaa
agacgctgttaaagaaagttttaaaaatcctagagaaattgaaatgaacttagtcgatgcacaacaagcg
cgtcgaatattagatagattggttggctataacatctcgccagttctatggaaaaaagtaaaaaaagggt
tgtcagcgggtcgagttcaatctgttgcacttcgtttagtcattgaccgtgaaaatgaaattcgaaactt
taaaccagaagaatattggactattgaaggagaatttagatacaaaaaatcaaaattcaatgctaaattc
cttcattataaaaataaaccttttaaattaaaaacgaaaaaagatgttgagaaaattacagctgcattag
atggagatcaattcgaaattacaaacgtgactaaaaaagaaaaaacgcgtaatccagcaaacccatttac
aacttctacattacaacaagaggcggcacgtaaattaaactttaaagctagaaaaacaatgatggtcgca
caacaattatatgaaggtatagatttgaaaaaacaaggtacgattggtttaataacatatatgagaaccg
attctacacgtatttcagatactgccaaagctgaagcaaaacagtatataactgataaatacggtgaatc
ttacacttctaaacgtaaagcatcagggaaacaaggtgaccaagatgcccatgaggctattagaccttca
agtactatgcgtacgccagatgatatgaagtcatttttaacgaaagaccaataccgattatacaaattaa
tttgggaacgatttgttgctagtcaaatggctccagcaatacttgatacagtctcattagacataacaca
aggtgacattaaatttagagcgaatggtcaaacaatcaagtttaaaggatttatgacactctatgtagaa
actaaagatgatagtgatagcgaaaaggaaaataaactgcctaaattagagcaaggtgataaagtcacag
caactcaaattgaaccagctcaacactatacacaaccacctccaagatatactgaggcgagattagtaaa
aacacttgaagaattgaaaattgggcgaccatcaacatatgcaccgacaatagatacgattcaaaagcgt
aactatgtcaaattagaaagtaagcgttttgttcctactgagttgggagaaatagttcatgaacaagtga
aagaatacttcccagagattattgatgtggaattcacagtgaatatggaaacgttacttgataagattgc
agaaggcgacattacatggagaaaagtaatcgacggtttctttagtagctttaaacaagatgttgaacgt
gctgaagaagagatggaaaagattgaaatcaaagatgagccagccggtgaagactgtgaagtttgtggtt
ctcctatggttataaaaatgggacgctatggtaagttcatggcttgctcaaacttcccggattgtcgtaa
tacaaaagcgatagttaagtctattggtgttaaatgtccaaaatgtaatgatggtgacgtcgtagaaaga
aaatctaaaaagaatcgtgtcttttatggatgttcgaaatatcctgaatgcgactttatctcttgggata
agccgattggaagagattgtccaaaatgtaaccaatatcttgttgaaaataaaaaaggcaagacaacaca
agtaatatgttcaaattgcgattataaagaggcagcgcagaaataa
>Potential gene 40:47230..48033, 804 bp
atggcatatcctaatgtaattaaagaggagggaagaaaaaaagatagttatttatgtgaatgggtgaata
gggaagaaaatgttcatttattacgtaaatactatgcttttataaaacttgatcataacgatattattaa
agaactgcagaaattaaaagtaagttacattacatatatggattctgaatacccagtgctattaaaagaa
atatatcaatttccattacttcttttctataaagggaacatcaaattaataaataatatgcatcatttgg
cagtagtaggtgcaagagattctacaagttatacccaacagtctttagaatttttattatcaaatgataa
aagcaaatatttaacaattgtttccggccttgctcaaggagctgatgcaatggcacatcaaatagcttta
aaatacaatctccctacaattgcagttttagcctttggccatcaaatacattatcccaaaagtacattag
cattaagaaataaaatagaagaaaaaggtttagttatatccgaatatccaccacatacaccaattgctaa
atatagatttcctgagcgcaatagaattatcagcggtttgtcaaaaggggttttaattactgaggctaag
gaacaaagtggcagtcacatcacgatagattttgcattagagcaaaatagaaatgtttatgttttacctg
gatctatgtttaatcctatgacaaaaggtaatttattacgtatccaagaaggtgctaaggtagtattaaa
cgctaatgatatatttgaagactactatatttaa
>Potential gene 41:48269..49519, 1251 bp
atgaaatttacaactttaagtgaagaagaatttaccaactacaccaaaaaacacttcaaacattatacac
agtctatagaattatataattatagaaataaaataaattatgaagcacatattgtgggagtgaagaatga
taaaaatgaagttatagctgcatgtttattaacagaagcacgtatttttaaattctacaaatatttctac
tctcatagaggccctttacttgattatttcgatgctaaattagtttgttacttttttaaagaattatcta
aattcatttataaaaatagaggagtatttattcttgttgatccatatttaatagagaatttaagagatgc
aaatggtagggtaataaagaattataataattcagtgatagtaaagatgctagggaaaattgggtatctc
catcaaggttatacaacaggatattcaaataaaagtcaaattaggtggatttctgtattggatttaaaag
ataaagatgagaatcaacttttaaaagaaatggaataccaaactagaagaaatataaaaaagactattga
gattggtgttaaggttgaagatttatctattgaagaaacaaatcgattttataaattgtttcaaatggct
gaagaaaaacatggttttcatttcatgaatgaagattattttaaacaaatgcaagaaatatataaaggta
aggcaatgttaaagatagcttgtatagatcttaatgaatatcaagataaattaaaaatacaattattgaa
aatcgaaaatgaaatgatgactgtgaacagatcattaaatgaaaatccaaattctaaaaagaataaatca
aaattaaatcagttaaatatgcaattatctagtattaataatagaattagtaaaaccgaagaactaatat
tagaagatggacctgttttggatttagctgctgctttatttatatgtactgatgatgaagtttattatct
atcaagtggatcaaatcctaaatataatcagtatatgggtgcatatcatctacaatggcatatgataaaa
tatgcaaaatcacataatattaataggtataatttttatggaataacaggcgtctttagtaatgaggcgg
atgattttggtgtacaacaatttaaaaaaggttttaatgcacatgttgaagaattaattggtgatttcat
caaaccagtaagaccgattctatttaaatttgcaaaacttatttataaggtttgattataa
>Potential gene 42:49547..50665, 1119 bp
atgaataaacaacaaagtaaagtacgctattcaattagaaaagttagtattggaattttgtcaatttcaa
ttggtatgtttttggcattgggtatgtcgaacaaagcatatgcagatgaaattgataaatctaaagattt
tacaagagggtatgagcaaaatgtattcgcgaaatcagagttaaatgctaataaaaatacgacaaaagac
aaaataaaaaatgaaggtgttgttaaaacatcggacacaagtttaaagttagacaacaaatcagcaattt
caaatggaaatgaaattaatcaagatataaagatttcaaatactccgaaaaactcaagccaaggtaacaa
tctagttgttaataacaatgaacctactaaagaaattaaaattgcaaacttggaagctcaaaattctaat
cagaagaaaacgaataaagttactaataattactttggttactacagttttagagaagctccaaaaacac
aaatctatactgtaaaaaaaggagacacacttagtgctatagcgttaaaatacaaaactacagtttcaaa
tattcaaaatacaaataatatagcaaatcctaatttaatatttattggtcaaaaattaaaagtgccaatg
acaccattagtagaaccaaaaccaaatacagtgtcttcaaataataaaagtaatagtaatagcagtacat
taaattatttgaaaacattagagaatagaggatgggatttcgacggtagttatggatggcaatgtttcga
tttagtcaatgtatattggaatcatctttatggtcatggattaaaaggatatggagctaaagatatacca
tatgcaaataattttaatagtgaagctaaaatttatcacaacacaccaactttcaaagctgaacctgggg
acttagtggtttttagtggaagatttggtggaggatatggtcatacagctattgttttaaatggtgatta
tgatggaaaattaatgaagttccaaagtttagatcaaaactggaataatggtggatggcgtaaatcagag
gttgcacataaagttgttcataattatgaaaatgatatgatttttattagaccatttaaaaaagcataa
>Potential gene 43:50892..51800, 909 bp
atgagtgtatttatagataagaatactaaagtaatggtacaaggtattacagggtctactgcccttttcc
atacaaaacaaatgcttgattatggtacgaaaatagtagcaggtgtgacgcctggtaaaggtggtcaagt
tgttgaaggcgttcctgttttcaacactgttgaagaagctaaaaatgaaaccggggcaacggtttcagtc
atttacgttccagcaccatttgctgcagactcaattttagaagcagctgatgcagacttagatatggtta
tttgtatcactgaacatattcctgtattagacatggttaaagttaaacgctacttacaaggtagaaaaac
acgtttagttggtccgaactgtccaggtgtgattacagcagatgaatgtaaaattggtattatgcctggc
tatattcacaaaaaaggtcatgttggtgtagtatcacgttcaggtacattaacatatgaagcagtgcacc
aattgactgaagaaggtattggtcaaactacagctgttggtattggtggagacccagtaaatggcacaaa
ctttattgatgttttaaaagcattcaatgaagatgacgaaacgaaagcagttgttatgattggtgaaatc
ggtggtacggctgaagaagaagctgctgaatggattaaagcgaatatgacaaaaccagttgtaggcttta
tcggtggacaaacagcacctcctggaaaacgtatgggacatgctggtgcaatcatttcaggtggtaaagg
tactgctgaagagaaaattaaaacattaaatagttgtggtgtgaaaacagcggcaacaccttcagaaatt
ggttcaacattaattgaagctgctaaagaagcaggaatttatgaatcattattaactgttaataaataa
>Potential gene 44:51822..52988, 1167 bp
atgaatatccacgagtatcaaggtaaagaaatatttcgttcaatgggcgttgcagttccagaaggacgag
tagcatttactgctgaagaagcggtggagaaagcaaaagaattaaattcagatgtttatgttgtaaaagc
acaaattcatgctggaggtagaggtaaagcaggcggagtaaaaattgctaaatctttatcagaggtagaa
acatatgcaaaagaattattagggaaaactttggtgacacatcaaactggtccagaaggtaaagaaatta
agcgtttatatatcgaagaaggttgtgctattcaaaaagaatattacgttggattcgttattgatcgtgc
gactgaccaagtaacattgatggcgtctgaagaagggggcactgagattgaagaagttgctgcgaagact
cctgaaaagatcttcaaagaaactattgatccagtaatcggactttcaccattccaagcaagacgaattg
cgtttaatattaatattcctaaaaaatctgttaacaaagctgctaaattcttattagcactttataatgt
attcattgaaaaagattgttcaatcgtagaaatcaacccattagttacaacagctgatggtgatgtattg
gcattagatgctaaaattaattttgatgataatgcattattcagacataaagatgttgtagaattacgtg
atttagaagaagaagatccgaaagagattgaagcgtctaaacatgatttatcatacattgcattagatgg
tgacatcggatgtatggttaatggtgcaggtttagccatggcaacaatggatacgattaatcatttcggt
ggaaacccagccaatttcttagatgcaggcggaagcgctactagagaaaaagtaactgaagcatttaaaa
tcattttaggtgatgaaaatgttaaaggtatttttgtaaacattttcggtggcattatgaaatgtgatgt
tatcgcagaaggtatcgttgaagctgtaaaagaagtagatttaactttaccactagttgtacgcttagaa
ggtacaaatgttgagttaggtaaaaaaatcttaaaagactcaggattagcaattgaaccagcagcaacaa
tggctgaaggtgcacaaaaaattgttaaactagtcaaagaagcataa
>Potential gene 45:53097..53864, 768 bp
atgacgctaacaattaaagaagtaacgcagttgattaatgcggttaatacaatagaagaattagaaaatc
atgaatgctttttagatgagcgaaaaggtgtacaaaatgccatagccagacgcagaaaagcgttagaaca
agaacaagctttaaaagaaaagtatgctgaaatgacttactttgaaaatgaaatattaaaagagcatcct
aatgctattatttgtggtattgacgaagttggaagaggacctttagcaggtccagtcgttgcatgcgcaa
caattttaaattcaaatcacaattatttgggccttgatgactcgaaaaaagtacctgttacgaaacgtct
agaattaaatgaagcactaaaaaatgaagttactgcttttgcatatggtatcgctacagctgaagaaata
gatgaatttaatatttataaagctactcaaatcgccatgcagcgagctattgatggattatcagtacaac
caacgcatttattgatagacgcgatgacgcttgataatgcactgactcaagtatctttaatcaagggtga
tgcaagaagtgtatctattgcagcggcaagtatcatggcaaaggtttttcgtgatgattatatgacacag
ttatctaaagattatcctgaatatggttttgaaaaaaacgcgggttacggtaccaaacaacatttactag
caatcgatgatattggcattatgaaagagcatagaaaaagctttgaacctataaaatcgttactgtaa
>Potential gene 46:53848..54732, 885 bp
atggttattcaatggtatccaggacatatggcgaaagccaaaagagaagtaagtgaacaattaaaaaaag
tagatgtagtgtttgaactagtagatgcaagaattccatatagttcaagaaaccctatgatagatgaagt
tattaaccaaaaaccacgtgttgttatattaaataaaaaagatatgtctaatttaaatgagatgtcaaaa
tgggaacaattttttattgataaaggatactatcctgtatcagtggatgctaagcacggtaaaaatttaa
agaaagtggaagctgcagcaattaaggcgactgctgaaaaatttgaacgcgaaaaagcaaaaggacttaa
accaagagcgattagagcaatgattgttggaattccaaatgttggtaagtccacattaataaataaactg
gcaaagcgtagtattgcacagactggtaataaaccaggtgtgaccaaacaacaacaatggattaaagttg
gtaatgcattacaactattagatacaccagggattctttggcctaaatttgaagatgaagaagtcggtaa
gaagttgagtttaacaggcgcgattaaagatagtattgtgcacttagatgaagttgccatctatggtctg
aactttttaattcaaaatgatttagcgcgcttaaaagcacattataaaatcgaagttcctgaagatgcag
aaatcatagcgtggtttgatgcgatagggaaaaaacgtggcttaattcgacgtggtaatgaaattgatta
cgaagcagtcattgaactgattatttatgatattcgaaatgctaaaataggaaattattgttttgatatt
tttaaagatatgactgaggaattagcaaatgacgctaacaattaa
>Potential gene 47:55286..57739, 2454 bp
atgatgccatttcaaatgtatttgtatgaacatctaagtagtttttctagtttatatgatgcatcgtttg
gattaggtggcgattatatgaaaggactatcatattattattcgctgtcacctttaatgtggctaaattt
tctattcattaaaataggagaaacggttggtatatttaatccgacaacaatacatttttggccgacaaac
caacttattatggccatgatacgagctatcataacatttgtcgtgaccttctacttatttaaaatattac
actttaaacgctcaacaaatatgatcgctacgattttatacggcatgtcaactgtcgttatatactttaa
ttttacttggtcattttatggaaatttattatatttattaccattatcgattcttggtttggaaagatat
tttcaacaacgcaaaatcggtatattcattgttgcgatagccttaacactatttagcaatttttatttca
gttattatcaagctattattataggttgctactatttatatcgactcattttcacttacaaatatgacat
tgtctctagaacacaaaaattaatttgcgtcatatctgctgcagttttgagtgtgttatcaagtgtattt
ggtttattcactggcatttctgcgtttttggaaaatgacagaaagcaaaatcccaatgttgatataccgt
ttttgacaccacttgattatcattattttttctttagcgatggattttatattacgatttcaattcttac
tatcgttgcattattgtcattcaaactgtatcgtttttacttttatagacttttcgcaatagtaacatgg
atattatttattggttcattatcacagtatttcgacagtgcttttaatggtttttcatttccagaaaggc
gttgggtgtatatcttagcactatcatcaagtgctctttgcggattgtttattcagcatttatcaacatt
aaatatgaaatattatttaatcagaacaataccagtaagcatcatcgcattactttatgtattactatca
ccgacacacccactcgtacttatagtaggtattatcctgctaatggtgcttgccgttattttaaaattta
gtttatggcgttataaaaaattaaccgttgtattaatagtattaatcgttatgattcaacaaatcgtcat
tttagataacaacaaaaatatggcaatcaaaccttatcaacaatcaatatcaacgttgaaacaacatgat
tatcatagtaactatgtaaaccagcttataaaaaagataaatcaaaatgcaacaggcccatttaatcgca
ttgattatatgtcagactatgcattaaattcaccatttatatatcattataatggcatttcattatattc
tagtatttttaatggagacattttaaaatattatgacaagacactccaaattaatatgccaatcgataaa
aacagcacttatagattacttggcaatcgtcaaaatttactatcgctttggaatgtaaatgatcgaatta
gagtaaatcatgattacaacttaccatatggatttaaaattaactctgaacacaaagacaataaagttcg
ttggattcattctaaaaataccatccattatccaagtgcacatattacaaataaggtcttttccaataaa
gaattaaaatctccattagataaagaacaagcaatgttgcaagggattgtttctaacaatactaaagatg
taaatacacattttaaagccaataaaaatttactatcagattcaacaattaaattaaatagtgcagcctg
gcaatctccttcaaaacatttattacaagttaaacaaaataatggtggtctaactgtacagttgccaaaa
tcagtttctaatcaatttaaagatttgtattttgaaatggatttagaattactttcgccggataaagctc
attatgttaaagttaatgaatatacactagaaagaaacaaactcacatataaataccgtcgttttgtaac
acctgtaacgatacgtattaaatcttcagatgcaattaaattatcgttgcctaaaggtaagtatcgtgta
aatttaaaagggatatacggcgaagattataccacgcttaaagacacttcaaattcattagaggctgtca
aagttagtaagacaaagcaaggttatactattactaaaaataaaaattcatctgggtatattgttttgcc
aacagcatataatcaaggtatgaaagcgacatcaggtgatcaaagtcttaaagttgaacaagtaaatggt
gttatgaccggcattaaagcacctaaaaatataacaaagattcaattgagctataccccaccatactatt
atttacttataacaattactatatttggcattatatgtagtattattttcacgagatgggtaagacaaaa
ataa
>Potential gene 48:57980..58330, 351 bp
atgacaaatcacaaattaatcgaagcagtaactaaatcacaattacgtacagacttaccaagtttccgtc
ctggtgatactttacgtgtacacgtacgtatcattgagggtactcgtgagcgtatccaagtattcgaagg
cgttgtaattaaacgtcgtggcggtggcgtttctgaaacgtttacagttcgtaaaatttcatcaggtgtt
ggcgtggaacgtacattcccattacacacaccaaaaattgaaaaaatcgaagttaaacgtcgtggtaaag
tacgtcgtgctaaattatattacttacgtagtttacgtggtaaagctgctagaatccaagaaattcgtta
a
>Potential gene 49:58433..59170, 738 bp
atgaaaattgattatttaactttatttcctgaaatgtttgatggtgttttaaatcattcaattatgaaac
gtgcccaagaaaacaataaattacaaatcaatacggttaattttagagattatgcaattaacaagcacaa
ccaggtagatgattatccgtatggtggcggacaaggtatggtgttaaagcctgaacctgtttttaatgcg
atggaagacttagatgtcacagaacaaacacgcgttattttaatgtgtccacaaggcgagccattttcac
atcagaaagctgttgaattaagcaaggctgaccacatcgttttcatatgcggacattatgaaggttacga
tgaacgtatccgaacacatcttgtcacagatgaaatatcaatgggtgactatgttttaacaggtggagaa
ttgccagcgatgaccatgactgatgctattgttagactgattccaggtgttttaggtaatgaacagtcac
atcaagacgattcattttcagatgggttattagagtttccgcaatatacacgtccgcgtgaatttaaagg
tctaacagttccggatgttttattgtctggaaatcatgccaatattgatgcatggagacatgagcaaaag
ttgatccgcacatataataaaagacctgacttaattgaaaaatatccattaactaatgcagataagcaaa
tattagaaagatataaaataggattgaaaaaaggttag
>Potential gene 50:59170..59673, 504 bp
atgagagttgaagttggtcaaattgttaacacacatggtattaaaggtgaaattaaagtaaaatccaatt
cagactttacagacgttcgttttcaacccggtcaagtgctgacagttgtgcataacaataacgaccttga
atatactgttaagtcacatagagtgcataaagggcttcatatgcttacatttgaaggtattaataatatt
aatgatattgagcatttaaaagggagttctatttatcaagagcgtgatcatgaagatatcgtacttgagg
aaaatgaattttattattcagatattataggatgtacagtttttgatgatcaagaaacaccaataggtcg
tgtaattaatatctttgaaacaggtgcaaatgatgtgtgggtgattaaaggatctaaagaatatttgatt
ccttatattgctgatgttgtaaaagaagtggatgttgaaaataaaaaaattatcatcacgccaatggaaa
gattgttggattaa
>Potential gene 51:59861..60136, 276 bp
atggcagttaaaattcgtttaacacgtttaggttcaaaaagaaatccattctatcgtatcgtagtagcag
atgctcgttctccacgtgacggacgtatcatcgaacaaatcggtacttataacccaacgagcgctaatgc
tccagaaattaaagttgacgaagcgttagctttaaaatggttaaatgatggtgcgaaaccaactgataca
gttcacaatatcttatcaaaagaaggtattatgaaaaaatttgacgaacaaaagaaagctaagtaa
>Potential gene 52:60571..61938, 1368 bp
atggcatttgaaggcttatcagaacgcctgcaagcgacgatgcaaaaaatgcgtggtaagggtaaactta
ctgaagctgatataaagataatgatgcgtgaagtaagattagcgttacttgaggctgacgtaaactttaa
agtggtaaaagaatttattaaaacagtatcagaacgcgcattaggttccgatgtaatgcaatcattaaca
cctgggcaacaagttattaaaatagttcaagatgaattaacgaagttgatgggtggagaaaattcatcga
ttaatatgtcaaataaaccacctactgttgttatgatggttggtttacaaggtgctggtaaaacaacaac
tgcaggtaaattagcattattgatgcgtaaaaaatacaacaaaaaacctatgttagttgcagcagatatt
tatcgtccagcagcgataaatcaattacaaacagtagggaaacaaattgatattcctgtatacagtgaag
gggatcaagtaaagccacaacaaattgtaactaatgcattaaaacatgctaaagaagaacatttagactt
tgtaatcattgatacagcaggtcgattacacatcgatgaagcattgatgaacgaattaaaagaagtaaaa
gacattgctaaaccaaacgaaattatgttagttgtcgattcaatgacgggtcaagatgctgtcaatgttg
cagaatcttttgacgatcaacttgatgtcacaggtgttaccttaactaaattagatggtgatacacgtgg
tggtgcagctttatctattcgttcggtgacacaaaaaccaattaaatttgttggtatgagtgaaaagtta
gatggtttagagctattccatcctgaacgtatggcatcacgtattttaggtatgggtgatgtgttaagtt
taattgaaaaagcgcaacaagatgtggatcaagaaaaagcaaaagatttagagaaaaagatgcgtgaatc
atcatttactttagatgattttttagaacagcttgatcaggtgaaaaatttaggaccactggatgatatt
atgaaaatgattccaggtatgaataaaatgaaaggtctagataagcttaatatgagtgaaaagcaaattg
atcatattaaagcgattatccagtcaatgacgccggctgaaagaaacaatccagacacattgaatgtatc
acgtaaaaagcgtattgctaaaggttctggtcgttcattacaagaagtcaatcgtttgatgaaacaattt
aacgatatgaagaaaatgatgaaacaattcactggtggcggtaaaggtaaaaaaggtaaacgcaatcaaa
tgcaaaatatgttaaaaggtatgaacttaccattttaa
>Potential gene 53:61964..62296, 333 bp
atggggcaaaatgatttagttaaaacgttacgaatgaattatttgtttgatttttatcaatccttattga
cgaataaacaacgtaattatttggaattattttatctcgaagattattctttgagtgaaatcgcagatac
ttttaatgtgagtagacaagcagtttatgataatataagaagaactggcgatttagttgaagattatgaa
aagaaattggaattataccagaaatttgagcaacgccgagaaatatatgatgaaatgaaacaacatttaa
gtaatccagaacaaatacaacgttatattcaacaattagaagacttagaatag
>Potential gene 54:62274..63533, 1260 bp
atgagcttttttaaacgcttaaaagataaatttgcaacaaataaagaaaatgaagaagttaaatccttaa
cagaagaacaaggtcaagacaaattagaagatacacattctgaaggttcaacgcaggacgtaaatgattt
agcagaaaatgctgaagtgaaaaagaagccacgcaagttaagtgaagcggattttgatgacgatggctta
atatcaattgaagattttgaagaaattgaagctcaaaaaatgggtgctaaatttaaggcaggactcgaaa
aatctcgtcaaaatttccaagaacaattaaataatttgatagcgagatatcgtaaagtagatgaagactt
ttttgaagctttagaagaaatgttaatcactgcagacgtcggttttaatactgtgatgacgttaactgaa
gaattacgtatggaagcacaacgacgtaatattcaagatactgaagatttgcgtgaagtcattgttgaaa
aaatcgtagagatttaccatcaagaagatgataattcagaagctatgaacttagaagatggtcgtttaaa
tgtcattttaatggttggtgtgaatggtgttggtaaaacaacaacaattggaaaattagcttaccgatat
aaaatggaaggtaaaaaagtaatgttagctgcgggcgatacttttagagcgggtgctattgatcaattga
aagtttggggcgaacgtgttggtgtagatgtaattagccaaagtgaaggttctgatccagctgctgttat
gtatgatgcgattaatgccgctaaaaacaaaggtgttgatattttaatctgtgataccgctggacgttta
caaaataaaacaaatctaatgcaagaattagaaaaagttaagcgtgtaattaatcgagcagtgccagatg
cgcctcatgaagcattactatgtttagatgctacaactggtcagaatgcgttgtcacaagctagaaactt
taaagaagtaacaaatgttacaggtattgtattaacgaaattagatggtacagccaaaggtggtatcgta
ttagccattcgtaatgaattgcacattccagttaaatatgtaggtttaggtgagcaattagatgacttac
aaccatttaaccctgaaagttatgtctacggcttattcgctgatatgattgaacaaaatgaagaaataac
aacagttgaaaatgatcaaattgtaacagaagaaaaggacgataatcatggggcaaaatgatttagttaa

>Potential gene 55:63533..67099, 3567 bp
atggtttatttaaaatcaatagatgccattggatttaagtcttttgcagatcaaaccaatgttcaattcg
ataaaggtgtaactgcaattgttggtccaaatggaagcggtaaaagtaatattacagatgctattaaatg
ggtgttgggtgaacaatcggctaaatcattacgtggctcaaaaatggaagatattatcttctcaggtgca
gaacatcgcaaagctcaaaattatgctgaagtacagttaagattagataatcattctaaaaagctcagtg
ttgatgaaaacgaagttattgtaacaagaagattgtatcgaagtggtgaaagtgagtactacataaataa
tgaccgtgcaagattaaaagatattgccgatttatttttagattctggattgggaaaagaagcatatagc
attatctcgcaaggtagagttgatgaaatactaaatgctaaaccaattgatagacgtcaaattattgaag
aatcggctggtgtacttaaatataaaaaacgtaaagctgaatcattaaataaacttgaccaaacagaaga
taatttaacgagagtagaagacattttatatgatttggaaggtcgtgtagaacctctaaaagaggaggca
gctatagctaaagaatataagacactttcacaccaaatgaaacatagtgacattgtagttacagtgcacg
atattgatcaatatacaaatgacaatagacaattagatcaacgtttaaatgatttacaaggtcaacaagc
aaataaagaagctgacaagcaacgtttaagccaacaaattcaacaatataaaggtaaacgtcatcaactt
gataatgatgttgaatcgcttaattatcaattagtaaaagctacggaagcctttgaaaaatatacgggac
aattaaatgttttagaagaacgtaagaaaaatcaatctgaaacaaatgcacgatatgaagaagaacaaga
aaatttaatggagcttttagaaaatatatcaaatgagatttctgaagctcaagatacttataagtctctg
aaaagtaaacaaaaagaactcaatgctgtcattcgtgaacttgaagaacaactatatgtttcagacgaag
cacatgatgaaaaattggaagaaattaaaaacgaatactatacattaatgtcagagcaatcagatgttaa
caatgatattcgttttttaaagcatactatagaagagaatgaggctaaaaaatcaagactagattctcga
ttagttgaagtttttgagcaattgaaagatattcagggtcaaataaaaacgacaaaaaaagaatatcaac
agaccaacaaagaactttctgctgtagataaagaaattaaaaatatagaaaaagatctcactgatacaaa
aaaagcacaaaatgaatacgaagagaaattgtatcaagcatatcgatataccgaaaaaatgaaaacacgt
attgatagtttggcaacgcaagaggaagaatatacttattttttcaatggcgtcaaacatattttgaaag
ctaaaaataaagaattaaagggtattcatggtgcagttgcggaaattattgatgtgccatctaaattaac
tcaggcaattgaaacagcattaggtgcttcattacaacatgtcattgtagattcagaaaaagatggacgc
caggctattcaatttttaaaagaacgtaatttaggtcgtgcgacgtttttaccattaaatgttatacaga
gtagagtggtagcgactgatattaaatctattgctaaagaggcaaacggatttattagtatcgcttcgga
agcagttaaagtagcaccagaatatcaaaatattatcgggaatttattaggtaatacgattatcgttgat
catttaaagcatgcaaatgaattggcacgtgcgattaaatatcgaactcgtattgttactttggaaggtg
atattgtaaatcctggtggttctatgactggtggtggcgctcgtaagtcaaaaagtattctgtctcaaaa
agacgagttgacaacaatgagacaccaattagaagattacttgcgtcaaacagaatcatttgaacaacaa
tttaaagagttgaagataaaaagtgatcaattaagtgaactgtattttgaaaaaagtcaaaagcataata
cacttaaagagcaagtgcatcattttgaaatggagctcgatagattaactacacaagaaacacaaataaa
aaatgatcatgaagaattcgaatttgaaaaaaatgatggttatacgagtgacaaaagtcgacaaactttg
agtgaaaaagaaactcatctagaaagtattaaagcatctttaaaacgactagaagatgaaattgaacgct
acacaaaactttctaaagaaggtaaggaaagcgttactaaaacacaacaaaccttacatcagaaacaatc
tgatcttgctgtggttaaagagcgtattaaaacacaacaacagacaatagatcgattaaataatcaaaat
caacaaactaaacatcaattaaaagatgttaaagaaaaaattgcattctttaattcggatgaagtgatgg
gcgaacaagcttttcaaaatattaaagatcaaattaatggtcaacaagaaacgagaacacgcttatctga
tgaattagataaattgaaacaacaacgtattgagttgaatgaacaaatcgatgcgcaagaagctaaacta
caagtttgtcaccaagatattttagctatcgaaaatcactaccaagatattaaagctgaacaatcaaagc
tagatgtattaattcatcatgcgatagatcatttaaatgatgaatatcaattgactgttgaacgtgcgaa
atctgaatatacgagtgatgaatcgattgacgcattacgtaaaaaagttaagttaatgaagatgtcgatt
gatgaactaggtcctgtaaacttaaatgcaattgaacaatttgaagagttaaatgaacgttatacatttt
taagtgaacaacgtacagatcttcgtaaagctaaagaaacattagagcaaattataagtgaaatggatca
agaggttactgaaagatttaaagaaactttccatgctattcaaggacattttacagctgtgttcaaacaa
ttgtttggtggaggcgatgcagaattgcaattaactgaagccgattatttaacagctggtattgatattg
tggtacaaccaccgggtaaaaagttgcaacatttatcgttactaagtggtggtgagcgtgcattaactgc
tattgctttactatttgcaattttaaaagtaagatctgcaccttttgttatattagatgaggttgaagct
gcattagatgaagcgaatgttattagatacgcaaaatatttaaatgagttatcagacgaaacacaattca
ttgttattacacaccgtaaaggaacaatggaatttgctgataggttatacggtgtgacaatgcaagaatc
aggtgttactaaacttgtgagtgtgaatttaaatacaatagatgatgtgttgaaggaggagcaataa
>Potential gene 56:67246..67977, 732 bp
atgtctaaacaaaagaaaagtgagatagttaatcgttttagaaagcgctttgatactaaaatgacagagt
taggctttacttatcaaaatattgatttataccaacaagcattttcgcattcgagttttattaatgattt
taatatgaatcgtttagaccataatgagcgtttagagtttttgggtgatgcggtattagaattgacggtt
tcacgatatttatttgataaacatcccaacttgccagaagggaatttaacaaaaatgcgtgccactattg
tatgtgagccctcacttgtaatatttgcgaataaaattggattgaacgaaatgattttacttggtaaagg
tgaagagaaaacagggggacgtacaagaccatcattaatatcagatgcattcgaagcatttattggggca
ttgtatttggatcaaggactagatatagtttggaaatttgctgagaaagttattttcccacatgtagaac
aaaatgagttattaggagtggtagattttaaaacacaattccaagaatatgtgcaccagcaaaataaagg
tgatgtaacctataatttaataaaagaagagggaccggcacatcatcgtctattcacttcagaagttatt
ctgcaaggggaagcaatagctgaaggtaaagggaaaacgaaaaaagaatcagaacaacgtgctgctgaaa
gtgcctataagcaattaaaacaaattaaatag
>Potential gene 57:68348..68587, 240 bp
atgcctatacatagactattatattttcccattttaaattctaaaaaacaagtagaaattttagaaacag
ttatcaatttattgattactgtttcttatgcatgagctttagctcaggcgtacctctatcccagttatca
atttattgattactgtttcttatgcatgagctttagctcaggcgtacctctatcccagttatcaatttat
tgattactgtttcttatgcatgagctttag
>Potential gene 58:68825..69580, 756 bp
atgtgaaaggatggaatgaaaatgactaagagtgctttagtaacaggtgcatcaagaggaattggacgta
gtattgcgttacaattagcagaagaaggatataatgtagcagtaaactatgcaggcagcaaagagaaagc
tgaagcagtagtcgaagaaatcaaagctaaaggtgttgacagttttgcgattcaagcaaatgttgccgat
gctgatgaagttaaagcaatgattaaagaagtagttagccaatttggttctttagatgttttagtaaata
atgcaggtattactcgcgataatttattaatgcgtatgaaagaacaagagtgggatgatgttattgacac
aaacttaaaaggtgtatttaactgtatccaaaaagcaacaccacaaatgttaagacaacgtagtggtgct
atcatcaatttatcaagtgttgttggagcagtaggtaatccgggacaagcaaactatgttgcaacaaaag
caggtgttattggtttaactaaatctgcggctcgtgaattagcatctcgtggtatcactgtaaatgcagt
tgcacctggttttattgtttctgatatgacagatgccttaagtgatgagcttaaagaacaaatgttgact
caaattccgttagcacgttttggtcaagacacagatattgctaatacagtagcgttcttagcatcagaca
aagcaaaatatattacaggtcaaacaatccatgtaaatggtggaatgtacatgtaa
>Potential gene 59:69552..70478, 927 bp
atgagtaaaacagcaattatttttccgggacaaggtgcccaaaaagttggtatggcacaagatttgttta
acaagaatgatcaagcaactgaaattttaacttcagcagcgaacacattagactttgatattttagagac
aatgtttactgatgaagaaggtaaattgggtgaaactgaaaacacgcaaccagctttattgacgcatagt
tcggcattattagcagcgctaaaaaatttgaatcctgattttactatggggcatagtttaggtgaatatt
caagtttagttgcagctgacgtattatcatttgaagatgcagttaaaattgttagaaaacgtggtcaatt
aatggcgcaagcatttcctactggtgtaggaagcatggctgcagtattgggattagattttgataaagtc
gatgaaatttgtaagtcattatcatctgatgacaaaataattgaaccagcaaacattaattgcccaggtc
aaattgttgtttcaggtcacaaagctttaattgaagagctagtagaaaaaggtaaatcattaggtgcaaa
acgtgtcatgcctttagcagtatctggaccattccattcatcgctaatgaaagtgattgaagaagatttt
gcaagttacattaatcaatttgaatggcgtgatgctaagtttcctgtagttcaaaatgtaaatgcgcaag
gtgaaaccgacaaagaagtaattaaatctaatatggtcaagcaattatattcaccagtacaattcattaa
ctcaacagaatggctaatagaccaaggtgttgatcattttattgaaattggtcctggaaaagttttatct
ggcttaattaaaaaaataaatagagatgttaagttaacatcaattcaaactttagaagatgtgaaaggat
ggaatgaaaatgactaa
>Potential gene 60:70471..71478, 1008 bp
atgataagcgaggataaaattatggttaaattagcaattgatatgatgggtggcgacaatgcgcctgata
tcgtattagaagccgtacaaaaggctgttgaagactttaaagatctagaaattatacttttcggtgacga
aaaaaagtataatctgaaccatgaacgaatcgaatttagacattgttctgaaaagattgaaatggaagat
gagcctgttagagcgattaaacgtaaaaaagatagctcaatggtaaaaatggctgaagctgtgaaatctg
gtgaagcagatggatgtgtgtcagcaggtaatactggtgctttaatgtcagctggtttattcattgttgg
acgtattaaaggtgtagctagaccggctttagtagtaacattgccaacgattgatggaaaaggttttgtc
tttttagacgttggtgcaaatgctgatgctaaacctgaacacttattacagtatgcgcaactaggggata
tttatgctcaaaaaattagaggtattgataatccgaaaatctcattattaaatataggaaccgagccagc
taaaggtaatagtttaacgaaaaaatcatatgagttattaaatcatgatcattcattgaattttgttggg
aatattgaagcgaagacattaatggatggcgatacagatgttgtagttaccgatggctatacagggaaca
tggtccttaaaaatttagaaggtactgcaaaatcaatcggtaaaatgttaaaagatacgattatgagtag
tactaaaaataaattagcaggtgcaatattgaagaaagatttagctgaattcgctaaaaagatggactac
tcagaatacggtggttccgtattattaggattggaaggtactgtagttaaagcacacggtagttcaaatg
ctaaagctttttattctgcaattagacaagcgaaaatcgcaggagaacaaaatattgtacaaacaatgaa
agagactgtaggtgaatcaaatgagtaa
>Potential gene 61:71462..72034, 573 bp
atgaggggtgagacgttgaaactaaagaaagataaacgtagagaagcaatcagacaacaaattgatagca
atcccttcatcacagaccatgaactaagcgacttatttcaagtgagtatacaaacaattcgtttagatcg
cacttatttaaacataccagaattaaggaagcgtattaaattagttgctgaaaagaattatgaccaaata
agttctattgaagaacaagaatttattggtgatttgattcaagtcaatccaaatgttaaagcgcaatcaa
ttttagatattacatcggattctgtttttcataaaactggaattgcgcgtggtcatgtgctgtttgctca
ggcaaattcattatgtgttgcgctaattaagcaaccaacagttttaactcatgagagtagcattcaattt
attgaaaaagtaaaattaaatgatacggtaagagcagaagcacgagttgtaaatcaaactgcaaaacatt
attacgtcgaagtaaagtcatatgttaaacatacattagttttcaaaggaaattttaaaatgttttatga
taagcgaggataa
>Potential gene 62:72237..74030, 1794 bp
atggtaaataatattgctgtcaaatgtatttttttcaatcaaccgtatttaaaaaagaaaatcgaattaa
atcaaactataactgttaaaggtaagtggaatagggttaaacaggaaattactggtaatagggttttctt
taattcacaagggacacaaactcaagaaaacgcagatgttcaattagaaccagtctatcgtattaaggaa
ggtattaaacaaaagcaaatacgagaccaaattagacaagcgttaaatgatgtgacaattcatgaatggt
taactgatgaactaagagaaaaatataaattagagaccttggactttactttgaacacgttacatcatcc
aaaaagtaaagaggatttattacgtgctcgtagaacctatgcatttactgaactgtttttattcgaatta
cgtatgcaatggctaaatagattagaaaagtcatctgacgaagcaattgaaattgattatgacttagacc
aagttaaatcatttattgatcgtttaccttttgaactaactgaagcacagaaatccagtgttaatgaaat
ttttagagatttaaaagcaccaatacgtatgcatcgattacttcaaggtgatgtaggttcaggaaaaaca
gttgttgctgcaatttgtatgtatgcattaaaaacggctggttatcaatcagcattgatggtaccaactg
aaattttagcagagcaacatgctgaaagtttaatggctttatttggagattctatgaacgttgcattgtt
aactgggtcagtaaaaggtaagaaacgaaaaatacttttagaacaacttgaaaatggtacgattgattgt
ttaattggaactcatgcattgattcaagatgatgtgattttccataatgttggtttagtaattacagatg
aacaacatcgatttggtgtgaatcaacgccagcttttaagagaaaaaggtgcaatgacaaatgtgttatt
tatgacagcaaccccgataccaagaacactagcaatatcagtttttggtgagatggatgtgtcttcaatt
aaacaattaccaaaaggtcgtaaacctatcattactacttgggcaaagcatgagcaatacgataaagttt
tgatgcaaatgacttcagagttgaaaaaaggtcgtcaagcatatgtcatttgcccgcttatagaaagttc
tgagcatctcgaagatgttcaaaatgttgtcgcattgtacgagtctttacaacagtattatggtgtttcc
cgtgtagggttattgcatggtaagttgtctgccgatgaaaaagatgaggtcatgcaaaagtttagcaatc
atgagatagatgttttagtttctactactgttgttgaagtaggtgttaatgtaccgaatgcaacttttat
gatgatttatgatgcggatcgctttggattatcaactttacatcagttacgcggtcgtgtaggtagaagt
gaccagcaaagttactgtgttttaattgcatcccctaaaacagaaacaggaattgaaagaatgacaatta
tgacacaaacaacggatggatttgaattgagtgaacgagacttagaaatgcgtggtcctggagatttctt
tggtgttaaacaaagtggattgccagatttcttagttgccaatttagttgaagattatcgtatgttagaa
gttgctcgtgatgaagcagctgaacttattcaatctggcgtattctttgaaaatacttatcaacatttac
gtcattttgttgaagaaaatttattacatcgtagttttgactaa
>Potential gene 63:74487..76133, 1647 bp
atgattagcaaaattaatggtaaattatttgccgatatgattatacaaggggcacaaaatttatctaaca
atgcagatttggtagattctttgaatgtgtatccagtgccagatggtgatacaggaacaaatatgaatct
tactatgacttcaggtcgcgaagaagtagagaataatttgtcgaaaaatatcggcgaattaggtaaaaca
ttctcgaaaggtttactaatgggtgcaagaggtaactctggtgtcatcttgtcacaattattcagaggat
tttgtaaaaatattgaaagtgaatctgaaattaactcaaaattgttagctgaaagttttcaagctggtgt
tgaaacggcatataaagctgttatgaaaccagttgaaggtacaatacttacagttgcaaaagatgctgcg
caagccgcagtagaaaaagcaaataatactgaagattgtatagaattaatggagtacattattgtaaaag
ccaatgaatcacttgaaaacacaccaaacttattagctgtacttaaagaagttggtgttgttgatagtgg
tggtaaaggtttgttatgcgtttacgaaggattcttaaaagcgcttaaaggtgaaaaagttgaagccaaa
gttgcaaagatagataaagatgaatttgtacatgatgaacatgatttccatggtgtaattaatactgaag
atattatttatggctattgtaccgaaatgatggttcgttttggaaagaataaaaaagcctttgatgaaca
agaattcaggcaagatatgagtcaatttggtgattctttattagtcattaatgatgaagaaattgtgaaa
gttcacgtgcataccgaacacccaggtaaagtgtttaattatggtcaacaatatggtgaattaattaaac
ttaaggttgaaaatatgagagaacagcaccgtgaagtgattcgaaaagaacagcacacggctaaaccgaa
aatggaaacggttgaaacagcaattattactatttctatgggtgaaggtatttcagagatatttaaatca
atgggtgccacacatatcattagtggtggacaaacgatgaatccttctacagaagatatcgttaaagtca
ttgaacaatcaaaatgtaaacgtgcaattattttaccaaataataaaaatatcttaatggcaagtgaaca
agcagcgagtattgttgatgcagaagcagttgttattccaacgaaatctattcctcaaggtataagcgca
ctattccaatatgatgtggacgcaacacttgaagaaaataaagcgcaaatggctgattcagtaaataacg
ttaaatctggttcattaacgtacgctgttcgtgatacgaaaattgatggcgttgagataaaaaaagacgc
gtttatgggcttgattgaagataagattgtaagcagccaaagtgatcaattaacaacggttactgagttg
ttaaatgagatgttagcagaagatagtgaaatattgactgtgattattggtcaagatgcagagcaagaag
ttacagataacatgataaactggatcgaagagcaatatccagatgtagaagtggaagttcatgaaggtgg
acaaccaatttatcaatatttcttttcagtagaataa
>Potential gene 64:76148..76522, 375 bp
atgacattagagatttcaaatgattacggtaaaattgatatttcaaacgaagtgattgcttcggttgtag
gtggaaaagccgttgaatgttatggtattgtaggtatggcatctagacaacaagttagagatggtattgc
ggaaatactaggacatgaaaattatgctaaaggcatcaaagtaactgaaaataatggcgtagtgaatata
gatatgtacattattgtaagttacggtgtgaaaatatctgaagttgccaataatgtacaatcaacagtga
aatatactttggaaaaatcacttaatgtatcagtaaattcaatcaatatatatgtacaaggtgtacgtgt
gaataatacaggcaagaaagcttag
>Potential gene 65:77513..78805, 1293 bp
atgacaaaactatatccatcattattatctgttgattttttggatttacaacatgaattaaaacgacttg
aagaagcaggtgtcgacggagttcattttgatgttatggatggtcaatttgtgcctaatatatctattgg
tttaccaatattagatgcagtgagaaaaggcacaacattacctatagacgtacatttgatgattgaaaat
ccagaaaagtatattgcatcatttgcagaacatggtgccgatatgatttcaattcatgtcgaatcaacgc
ctcatatccatcgtgctattcaaatgattaaacatttagataaaaaagctggtgtagtaattaatcctgg
tacaccaatatcacaaattgaacctattttagacattgttgattatgtactagtgatgacagttaaccca
gggtttggtggtcaatcatttattgatcaatgcgtagaaaaaatagcgggtcttaatgctattaaaatgg
aacgtcaattaaactttgatattgaagttgatggaggcgtaaataccgatacagcgaaagtttgtgttga
aaatggtgctacaatgttagtaacaggttcatttttctttaaacaagaggattataaaaaagtcacacaa
gcattgaaaggttgagtgtatatgcatataaatttattatgttctgatcgacacttgccgcaagatattt
gggccaaaagtaatgaaggtaaatggggcggcgttgatagaggtgctttgattttattgaagcatcaaat
tatcccttttttctcagtgggagactttgattcagtcagtaaagaagaacgccaacttctaacagaacag
ttacaaatcaaaccagttcaagctgaaaaagctgatacggatttagctttagcggttgataaagctgttg
cacttgggtttgatagtattacaatttatggtgcaacaggcggacgattagatcacttttttggggcaat
tcagttattattgaaaaaagcatattataaacatgatgttcatatagaagttatcgatcaacaaaataaa
attgaattattacctaaaggtcaacatacagttgaaaaagataagagttatccgtacatttcatttatac
cgatgactgatgatgtagaactttctctagcaggttttaaatataatttagctagacaaatgcttaatat
aggttctactttaactatttcaaatgaaattgagtctttgcaagcgaaagtaactgtacatgatgggttg
attttgcaaattagaagtacagatttaaattaa
>Potential gene 66:78806..79441, 636 bp
atgagtgctgtcgagccaaatttttcaacgcaattattagatcgatttttagttattgcacattcgtatc
agttagatgcgagagttttggtgactaaaaaagataaaacaccaattgaaaagcagcttgaaattaatga
gttgttgaaaatatatgaaaatattggctatgagactgaatttattggaaatgatgatgatcgaaaaaaa
attgtagaagcttggccagcaggacttatagtacttagtggtcaatcaggtgtcggtaagtccactttct
taaatcattatcgtccagaacttaatcttgagacaaatgatatatcaaaatcattaaatcgaggaaagca
tactacaagacatgtcgaactattcgaacgtcaaaacggttatattgcagacacacctggattcagtgct
ttagattttgatcatatagataaagatgaaataaaagattattttcttgaattaaatcgatatggtgaaa
catgtaagtttagaaattgtaatcatatcaaagaacctaattgtaatgttaagcatcaattagagatagg
gaatattgcgcaatttagatacgaccattatttacaactatttaatgaaatttcaaatagaaaggttaga
tattaa
>Potential gene 67:79530..79700, 171 bp
atgttttgtacatcaaattccactatatctccaactactggtgaaaattttttctttctaaataatcctc
gtggttttgtattgaaacgttcgccattaacgtctacttgatataccccactaattgatttcactattcg
acctgtcttcaaaatggcacctctcgattaa
>Potential gene 68:79650..79823, 174 bp
atgacatcatatacaggtgagcattgtctatcaattctgtttcactcccacaatatttatatcatttgaa
atgatcatttatatattaattttccagtctttgatataataaatgcagtaaaattaatcgagaggtgcca
ttttgaagacaggtcgaatagtgaaatcaattag
>Potential gene 69:79908..81902, 1995 bp
atgataggtaaaataataaatgaacgatataaaattgtagataagcttggcggcggtggcatgagtaccg
tttatcttgcagaagatacgatacttaacattaaagttgcaattaaggcgatttttataccacctagaga
aaaagaagaaacattaaaacgttttgaacgagaagtacataactcatcacagctatcacatcaaaatata
gtaagtatgatcgatgttgatgaagaagatgactgttactacttagtaatggaatatattgaaggtccga
ctttgtctgagtatattgaaagtcatgggccattaagtgttgacacggcgattaattttacgaatcaaat
attggatggcattaaacatgcgcatgatatgcgtattgtacatagagatattaagccacaaaatatatta
attgacagcaataaaacgttgaaaatatttgattttggaattgctaaagctttaagtgagacgtctttaa
ctcagactaatcatgtgttaggtactgtgcagtacttttcgccagaacaagcaaaaggtgaggcaacgga
tgaatgtacagatatttattctataggtattgtgttatatgaaatgcttgttggtgagccgccatttaat
ggagaaactgcagttagcattgcgattaaacatattcaggattctgttccaaatgtgacaacagatgtac
gtaaggatattccgcaatctttaagtaatgtcattttacgcgctacagaaaaagacaaagcgaatcgtta
caaaacaattcaagaaatgaaagatgatttgagtagtgttttacatgaaaatcgagcgaatgaagatgtc
tatgaactcgataaaatgaaaacgatagcggtacctttgaaaaaagaagatctagcaaagcatattagtg
aacataagtcgaatcaacctaaacgtgaaacgacgcaagtacctattgtaaatgggcctgctcatcatca
gcaattccaaaagccagaaggtacggtgtacgaaccaaaacctaaaaagaaatcaacacgaaagattgtg
ctcttatcattaatcttttcgttgttaatgattgcacttgtttcttttgtggcaatggcaatgtttggta
ataaatacgaagagacacctgatgtaatcgggaaatctgtaaaagaagcagagcaaatattcaataaaaa
caacctgaaattgggtaaaatttctagaagttatagtgataaatatcctgaaaatgaaattattaagaca
actcccaatacaggtgaacgtgttgaacgtggtgacagtgttgatgttgttatatcaaaaggccctgaaa
aggttaaaatgccaaatgtcattggtttacctaaggaggaagccttgcagaaattaaaatcgttaggtct
taaagatgttacgattgaaaaagtatataataatcaagcgccaaaagaatacattgcaaatcaaagtgta
accgcaaatactgaaatcgctattcatgattctaatattaaactatatgaatctttaggcattaagcaag
tttatgtagaagactttgaacataaatcctttagcaaagctaaaaaagccttagaagaaaaagggtttaa
agttgaaagtaaggaagagtatagtgacgatattgatgagggtgatgtgatttctcaatctcctaaagga
aaatcagtagatgaggggtcaacgatttcatttgttgtttctaaaggtaaaaaaagcgactcatcagatg
tcaaaacgacaactgaatcggtagatgtaccatacactggtaaaaatgataagtcacaaaaagttaaagt
ttatattaaagataaagataatgacggttcaactgaaaaaggtagtttcgacattactagtgatcaacgt
atagacattcctttaagaattgaaaaaggaaaaacagcaagttatattgttaaagttgacggtaaaactg
tagctgaaaaagaagtcagctatgatgaagtttaa
>Potential gene 70:81896..82642, 747 bp
atgctagaggcacaattttttactgatactggacaacatagagataagaatgaagatgcgggtggtattt
tttataatcaaactaatcaacaacttttagttctgtgtgatggtatgggcggccataaagcaggagaagt
tgcaagtaaatttgttacagatgagttgaaatcccgttttgaagcggaaaatcttatagaacaacatcaa
gctgaaaattggttgcgtaataatataaaagatataaattttcagttatatcactatgcacaagaaaatg
cagaatataaaggtatgggtacaacatgtgtttgtgcacttgtttttgaaaaatcagttgtgatagcaaa
tgtcggtgattctagagcctatgttattaatagtcgacaaattgaacaaattactagtgatcactcattt
gttaatcatcttgttttaacgggtcaaattacgccggaagaagcatttacacatccacaacgtaatatta
ttacaaaggtgatgggcacagataaacgtgtgagtccagatttgtttattaagcgattaaatttttatga
ttatttattattaaattcagatggattaactgattatgttaaagacaatgaaattaagcgtttgttagta
aaagaaggtacaatagaagatcatggtaatcaattaatgcaattggcattagataaccattcgaaagata
acgttactttcatactcgcggctattgaaggtgataaagtatgatag
>Potential gene 71:82649..83743, 1095 bp
atgataactgctgaaaagaaaaagaagaataaatttcttccaaattttgacaagcaatcaatatattcat
tgcgatttgacgaaatgcaaaactggctcgttgaacaagggcaacaaaaatttcgagcgaaacagatttt
tgaatggttatatcaaaaaagagtagattcgattgatgaaatgacgaacttatcgaaagacttacgacag
ctcttaaaagataactttactgttacaactttaacaactgtagtaaaacaagaaagtaaagacggtacaa
ttaaattcttatttgaattacaagatggctatacaattgaaactgttttaatgagacatgattatggaaa
ttcagtatgtgtaacaacacaagtaggttgtcgtatcggatgtacgttttgtgcttctacacttggcggc
ttaaaaagaaaccttgaagctggcgaaattgtttcacaagttttaacagttcaaaaagcccttgatgcta
cagaagagcgcgtatctcaaattgtcataatgggtatcggtgaaccatttgaaaattatgatgaaatgat
ggactttttaagaatcgtcaatgatgataacagtttaaatattggtgcacgtcacattacagtatcaaca
tcaggtatcattcctagaatatatgaatttgcggatgaagatattcaaattaattttgctgtaagcttac
acgccgcaaaagatgaagtgcgatcacgcttgatgccaattaaccgtgcatataatgttgagaagttaat
cgaagcaattcaatattatcaagaaaaaacaaatcgtcgtgttacttttgaatatggtctgtttggtggt
gtaaatgaccaactagaacatgcaagagaattagcacatttaataaaaggcttaaattgccatgttaact
taattcctgtcaaccatgttccagaaagaaattatgtaaaaacggctaaaaatgatatctttaaatttga
aaaagaattaaagagactaggaattaatgccacaatacgtcgtgaacaaggttcggatattgacgcagct
tgtggtcaattaagagcaaaggaacgacaagtagaaacgaggtaa
>Potential gene 72:83746..85053, 1308 bp
atgatagaaaacgtgagaagtcttgcttttgacacgattcaagatatattaaatgaaggtgcgtatagta
acttgcgtatcaatgaagtgttgtcagaaaatgaattaaatgcaatggataaagctttatttacagaaat
tgtctacggaaccgttaaaagaaaatatacgttagatttttatttaaagccttttgtgaaaacaaagatt
aaggcatgggttaggcaattattatggatgagtatttatcaatatgtttatttagataaagttccaaatc
atgccattattaatgaagcagttgaaatagcaaaagaacgcggtggctatcataatggtaatgtcgtaaa
tggtattttacgtacaatgatgcgtagtgacttacctgattttaatgaaattgcagatcctaaaaaaaga
atggcaatcgagtatagtatgccgaagtggattatagatcattgggcaacacattatggtctcgaagaaa
ctgaaacaatcttacagtcatttttagaaacgacatctacaactgtgcgtgccaacctgacgcgagcatc
attagatgatattattgaaaagttgcaagacgaaggttatgacgttgaaaaagatcatgacttaccttat
tgtctccatataggaggacaaccaattattcattctcgttcatttaaggatggattcgtttcaattcaag
ataaaagctcaatgtttgttgcgcacattatgaatgtagaccgacatgatcacgtattagatgcatgtag
tgcacctggcggtaaggcttgtcacattgctgaagttttaatgccagaagggcaagttgacgcttcagat
atacatgatcacaaaatagacttaattaattttaatataaaaaaattacgattaacaaatattaaagcct
ttcaacatgatgcgacaaaaccttatgataaaacatacgataagatacttgttgatgcaccatgtagcgg
attaggtgtaatgagacataagccggagattaagtatactcaaagcaaacaacatattgagtcactagtt
gatttacagcttgaaatattggaaaatgtaaaaaacaatgtaaaaataggtggcgaaatcatctattcaa
catgtacaatagagcaactagaaaatgaaaacgtgatttatacgtttttgaaaaataataaaaacttcga
atttgaaccgtttcaacatccgataactggagagttggtcaaaacgttacaaatcatgccgcaagacttt
aattcagatggattctttatcactaagataaaaagaaaggacaattag
>Potential gene 73:85047..85985, 939 bp
atgactaaaataatatttatgggtacaccagacttttcaacaactgttttagaaatgcttattgcagaac
atgatgtcattgcagtcgtaacgcaaccagatcgacctgttggacgtaaacgtgttatgacaccaccacc
agttaaaaaagttgcaatgaaatatgatttacctgtatatcagcctgaaaaactaagtggatcagaagaa
ttagaacaattgcttcaattagatgtagatttaattgtaactgctgcttttggacaattattacctgaat
cattgttggcattaccaaaacttggcgcaattaatgtacatgcatcattgttaccgaagtatagaggtgg
tgcaccaattcatcaggcaattatcgatggtgaacaagaaaccggcataacaattatgtatatggttaaa
aaattagatgcgggtaatattatttcgcaacaagcaattaaaatagaagaaaatgataatgtcggtacga
tgcatgataaattaagtgtattaggggcagatttattaaaagaaactttaccatctattatagagggcac
aaatgaaagtgtacctcaagatgatgcgcaagcaacatttgcttccaatattcgacgcgaagatgagcga
attagctggaataaaccaggaagacaagtgtttaatcaaattcgaggattatcaccatggccagttgctt
atacaactatggatgacactaacttgaaaatatacgatgctgaactcgttgagactaataagataaacga
gcctggaacaattatagaaacgactaaaaaagccattattgttgctacaaatgataatgaagctgttgca
attaaagatatgcaattggctgcgaaaaagagaatgttagctgccaattatttaagtggtgcgcaaaaca
cactagtagggaagaaacttatatgatag
>Potential gene 74:85978..86466, 489 bp
atggcgattaaaaagttagtaccagcatcgcatcctattttaacgaaaaaagcgcaagcagttataaaat
ttgatgattcgttaaaaagattattacaagatttagaagatacaatgtatgcacaagaagcagctggctt
atgtgcacctcaaattaatcagtcattgcaagtggcaatcattgatatggaaatggaaggattattacaa
cttgttaatccgaaaattattagtcaatcaaatgaaacgataacagacttagaaggttcaattacattgc
cagatgtttacggcgaagtgacaagaagtaaaatgatcgttgtcgaaagttatgacgtcaatgggaacaa
agttgaactaactgcacatgaagatgtagcaagaatgattttgcatattatagatcaaatgaacggtatc
ccttttacagaacgtgcggaccgtattttaacagataaagaagtggaggcatattttataaatgactaa
>Potential gene 75:86690..86968, 279 bp
atgtttgaactaaaagtgggtataataaaaagagaagttaatgtcattataagcaattcaactggaggga
aagaaatgcaagtaaacaaagttatttatattttattagcattgttcttaggtagttttggtattcataa
attttatgccggcaaaaacatgcaaggtttcctacacttaatattcttttggacagtcatcccacatata
ttagcaattattagtgcgataattactgttttcaaaccagctgacgaacatggtaatgttacattataa
>Potential gene 76:87131..87901, 771 bp
atgaaaggaattaaagatgcgccatctctagataagttggatccattaatgacagaaaagtcgtttacga
atagtaaagggattcaaggatggaaagattacaaagaattaatgggtaaagtggaacttgcagattatag
atttacaaaagattcaaaaggatcttcaataaaagatgttgatgcattctttaaaggtaagaaaggtata
aaaaggaaagtgattgaaacacacgatgatgtaaaacaagttgattattggtatgtagatccagatggaa
agaaaattggcaattcaaacacacctgttttttacgcagaaattatgacaaaatataaagatggaaagtt
agtttatgcatcagtcgaaccaggttcttacgtaatacataaagatgatgcaattaaatatgacgattat
tctaagttaaaaaaattaagtcaactaactaaacttgatcatccaaaaccagttccatatagcgtagctc
aaatcaaatctttcggagtacctttaacaagcgtttcatttatgacacatggatcaaaggatactaaaga
tgaagtgttgccggcattggcctatttcactttttcaccaaaaaattatgaagacaagtctaatccagat
ccaaaagttttaaatttagtacatatggatttcttaaatgcatctagtgattttggtaacgcacattttg
ttgttttaagtaaatatattaaagagtatgaatcaaactatgaaacagcgtcagatgattctttaaaata
g
