
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:140..1960, 1821 bp
atgcttaataggtgatttaatttgcgaatagatcaatcgatcattaatgaaataaaagataaaaccgaca
ttttagacttggtaagtgaatatgtaaaattagaaaagagaggacgcaattatataggtttgtgtccttt
tcatgatgaaaagacaccttcatttacagtttctgaagataaacaaatttgtcattgttttggttgtaaa
aaaggtggcaatgtttttcaatttactcaagaaattaaagacatatcatttgttgaagcggttaaagaat
taggtgatagagttaatgttgctgtagatattgaggcaacacaatctaactcaaatgttcaaattgcttc
tgatgatttacaaatgattgaaatgcatgagttaatacaagaattttattattacgctttaacaaagaca
gtcgaaggcgaacaagcattaacgtacttacaagaacgtggttttacagatgcgcttattaaagagcgag
gcattggctttgcacccgatagctcacatttttgtcatgattttcttcaaaaaaagggttacgatattga
attagcatatgaagccggattattatcacgtaacgaagaaaatttcagttattacgatagatttcgaaat
cgtattatgtttcctttgaaaaatgcgcaaggaagaattgttggatattcaggtcgaacatataccggtc
aagaaccaaaatacttaaatagtcctgaaacacctatctttcaaaaaagaaagttgttatacaacttaga
taaagcgcgtaaatcaattagaaaattagatgaaatcgtattactagaaggttttatggatgttataaaa
tctgatactgctggcttgaaaaacgttgttgcaacaatgggtacacagttgtcagatgaacatattactt
ttatacgaaagttaacatcaaatataacattaatgtttgatggggattttgcgggtagtgaagcaacact
taaaacaggtcaaaatttgttacagcaagggctaaatgtatttgttatacaattgccatcaggcatggat
ccggatgaatacattggtaagtatggcaacgatgcatttactgcttttgtaaaaaatgacaaaaagtcat
ttgcacattataaagtgagtatattaaaagatgaaattgcacataatgacctttcatatgaacgttattt
gaaagaactaagtcatgatatttcgcttatgaaatcatcgattttgcaacaaaaggctttaaatgatgtt
gcaccatttttcaatgttagtcctgagcaattagctaacgaaatacaattcaatcaagcaccagccaatt
attatccagaagatgagtatggcggttacattgaacctgagccaattggtatggcacaatttgacaattt
gagccgtcaagaaaaagcggagcgagcatttttaaaacatttaatgagagataaagatacatttttaaat
tattatgaaagtgttgataaggataacttcacaaatcagcattttaaatatgtattcgaagtcttacatg
atttttatgcggaaaatgatcaatataatatcagtgatgctgtgcagtatgttaattcaaatgagttgag
agaaacactaattagcttagaacaatataatttgaatgacgaaccatatgaaaatgaaattgatgattat
gtcaatgttattaatgaaaaaggacaagaaacaattgagtcattgaatcataaattaagggaagctacaa
ggattggcgatgtagaattacaaaaatactatttacagcaaattgttgctaagaataaagaacgcatgta
g
>Potential gene 2:1964..2818, 855 bp
atggaaaaaattaaaattatcgtagcttcagattctataggtgaaacggcagagttagttgctagggcag
gtatttcacaattcaatcctaagcaatgtaaaaatgaattattaagatatccatatattgaatcttttga
agatgttgatgaagtgattcaagttgcaaaagatacaaatgctatcattgtttatacacttattaaacct
gaaatgaagcaatatatgagtgagaaagtagcagaattccaattgaagtctgtcgatatcatggggccat
taatggatttattatctgcttcggttgaagaaaaaccttataatgagccaggtatcgttcatagattaga
tgatgcatatttcaagaaaattgatgcgatagagtttgcagttaaatatgatgatggtaaagatcctaaa
ggattacctaaagctgatattgttttacttggtatttcgagaacttcaaagacaccattatctcagtatt
tagcgcataagagttacaaagttatgaatgtaccgattgtaccagaagtgacaccgccagatggcttata
tgatattaatccaaagaaatgtatcgcacttaaaataagtgaagaaaaattaaatcgcattagaaaagag
cgactaaaacaattaggactaggtgacacagctcgatatgcaacagaagcacgaattcaagaagaattga
attactttgaagaaatcgtaagtgaaattggatgtcctgtcattgatgtttctcaaaaagcaatcgaaga
aacagcaaacgatataatccattatattgaacaaaataaatcgaaatgatttcatttttgtcgaaaatta
ggtataatagtataa
>Potential gene 3:2829..3320, 492 bp
atgtcaggttttttagaagcgcgtccccgagttggatattattattcaggtaaatcaaaaggcaaatttt
ttaatgaaaaacttcgacaatttgaggttaaggactatatgtctcaacctgttgtgctaagagagaatac
aacagtttatgacgctatttgtacaatttttttagaagatgtaagtacattatttattattaatgaagat
aacgattttgttggtgtgtgttcaagaaaagatttattaagagcttcaatgattggagcagatattcata
aagtacctatcagtgtaaatatgacacgtatgcctaatgtcacttatttagaggaaagcgaattagtcat
atacgcagcagatagaatgattgaaaaagaaattgattcgattccaattgtaagaaaaaaagataatcaa
aagtatgaagtaattggaagaatttccaaaacaacaatagctaagttattagtagcattatataaagaat
ag
>Potential gene 4:3739..5178, 1440 bp
atgctgttattttccatggggcgttttcatgtatgaggagaggtaattatggcaaaagatatggatacaa
ttgtttcattagcaaaacacagaggttttgtgttccctggtagtgatatttacggtggtttatcaaacac
atgggattatggtcctttaggtgttgaattaaagaataatgttaaaaaagcttggtggcaaaaattcatt
acacaatcaccgtttaacgttggtatcgatgctgcaatcttaatgaatccaaaagtatgggaagcttcag
gacacttaaacaacttcaacgacccaatgattgataataaagatagtaaaattcgatatcgcgctgataa
attaattgaagattatatgcaagatgttaaaggtgatgaaaacttcattgccgatggtttaagttttgaa
caaatgaaaaaaattattgacgatgaaggtattgtttgtcctgtaagtaaaactgctaactggactgaaa
ttcgccaattcaatttaatgtttaaaacattccaaggtgtaactgaagattctacaaatgaaattttctt
acgtcctgaaacagcacaaggtatttttgtaaactataaaaacgtgcaacgttcaatgcgtaaaaaatta
ccatttggtatcggtcaaattggtaaatcattccgtaatgaaatcactccaggtaacttcattttcagaa
caagagaatttgaacaaatggaacttgaattcttctgtaaacctggagaagaaatcgaatggcaaaatta
ttggaaaacttttgcaagtgactggttaacaagcttaaatatgagcagtgaaaatatgcgtttacgtgat
catgatgaagatgaattatctcattactcaaatgcaacaactgatattgaatataaattcccatttggtt
ggggtgagttatggggtatcgcaagtcgtacagacttcgacttacgtaaacatgctgaacactctggtga
agatttcagataccatgatccagaaacgaacgaaaaatatattccatattgtatcgagccatcacttggt
gcagatcgtgtaacattagctttcttatgtgatgcatatgatgaagaaggcgttgaaggtagtaaagatg
cacgtacagttttacacttccatcctgcattagcaccatataaagcagcgattttacctttaagtaagaa
attatctggcgaagcgattaagatttttgagcaattaagttctaaattctcaatcgatttcgatgaatca
caatctatcggtaaaagataccgtcgtcaagatgaaatcggtacaccttattgtgtaacattcgactttg
attcattagaagataatcaagttacagtacgtgacagagattcaatggaacaagttcgtatgccaatctc
agagttagaagctttcttaactgaaaaaacaaaattctaa
>Potential gene 5:5328..6074, 747 bp
atgcgccaaaaagggattatcatcaaagcagttgattatggtgaatctgataaaattatcacgattttaa
atgagcatggtgcaaaagtaccacttatggcaaggcgtgctaaaaaagttaagacgggtttacaagcgca
aacgcaattgtttgtttatggtttgtttatttacaatcagtggcgaggtatgggaacgttaaattctgta
gatgttattagtcaacattataaattacaaatggacctttacgtaagcagttatgccgctctggcagctg
aaactattgagcgctcaatggatgaaggtgacattgcaccatataactatcaattattacaatttgttct
tgaaaaaatagaatcaggtacatctgcacagttaatgtcagtcgtagttatgttaaagtgcatgaaacga
tttggttttactgcatcatttaatcgctgtgctgtgagtggtaatgacacacaagcagatttaataggtt
atagttttaagtttgacggtgcgatttcaaggcaagaggcttctaaagatgtacatgcagttatattatc
gaataaaacactatatttattagatgtattacaaaaattaccgatagataaaatgaattcattgaatatc
catcaagaaattattgatgaaatgtcagatatcattttaatgttatatcgtgaatatgcaggtatgtttt
ttaaaagtcagaaactaatcaaccaattaaaaagattggaacaataa
>Potential gene 6:6102..7001, 900 bp
atgacagaacataaatcaggatttgtttcaattataggtagaccaaatgtaggaaagtcaacatttgtta
atagagtgatcggccataaaatagcaatcatgtccgataaagctcaaacaactagaaataaaattcaagg
tgttatgacaagagatgacgcgcaaattatattcattgatacgccaggtattcataaacctaaacacaaa
ttaggtgactatatgatgaaagtcgctaaaaatacattatctgagatagatgcaatcatgtttatggtta
atgccaatgaggaaattggacgaggcgatgaatatattatagaaatgttgaaaaatgttaagacaccagt
atttttagtattaaataaaatagatttagtgcatccagatgaattaatgccaaagattgaagaatatcaa
agttatatggactttacagagattgtacctatttcagcattagaagggctaaatgtcgatcattttattg
atgttttaaagacgtatttacccgaaggacctaaatattatccagatgatcaaatttcagaccatcctga
acaatttgtagtgggtgaaatcattcgtgaaaaaatccttcatcttacaagtgaagaaatccctcatgcg
attggtgttaatgtggaccgtatggttaaagaaagcgaagatcgtgttcatatcgaagcaactatatatg
ttgaaagagattcgcaaaaaggaattgtcattggaaaaggcggtaaaaagttaaaagaagtaggaaaacg
tgcgagacgtgatatagaaatgcttctaggctctaaagtttacttagaattatgggtcaaagttcaaaga
gactggcgaaacaaagttaactttattcgccaaattggttatgttgaagaccaagattaa
>Potential gene 7:7002..7406, 405 bp
atgagttatcaacctcattattttcaagaagttagaaaagcacaacaagaatcatattcgccatacagtc
aatttaaagtaggggcttatttaaaaacgaaagacggtagaactttttatggtaccaatgtagaaaatgc
ttcttatccattatcgatatgtgctgaacgagctagtttggtatcggcaatttctcaaggatacagacca
ggtgattttgaatcaataactgtaaccgtagatgcagataaaccgtcatcaccttgtggtgcatgtcgtc
aagttttgaaggaattatgtgatgatgatatgcctgtgtatatgacaaatcataaaggagatatggttat
gatgacagtcgcagagttactaccatttggattttcaggaaaggatttagaataa
>Potential gene 8:7417..7761, 345 bp
atgaaaaggtttaaatatgcacttgatgggctgaaaatcttaattcaaaaagactataaatttcttttac
atgtgtttgcaatgattgttgctattgtctttggtctcgtactaaatattaatcggattgagtggatatt
tatactcattgctattgcattagttctcactgttgaagctttaaacactgctattgaatatgttgtcgat
ttagtgaccgttgaatatcatgatttagctaaatacgctaaagatattgcggcttttagtgtacttatag
tttcaatattagcatttattataggtttaatagtatttttaccacattttatagcgttattttag
>Potential gene 9:7764..8231, 468 bp
atgtttacgatagattttagcgatcacacaggcttagttaaagatgcttggtataaacaaattgaagatt
tattagaatttgctaaaaaagaagagcatatagaagacgatgctgagctttctgttacatttgtagataa
acaagaaatacaagaaattaatcgaacatatagagataaagataaagttacagatgtaatctcatttgct
ttagaagaagatgagccagagattgattttagtggtcttgatataccacgtgttttaggggatataatta
tctgtacggatgtagcgcaagaacaagcaaacaattacggacattcttttgaacgagaattaggattttt
agcattacatggatttttgcatctattaggttatgatcatatgactgaagcggatgaaaaggaaatgttt
ggtcgacaagatacaatattaaacgcatatggattaacacgagactaa
>Potential gene 10:8232..9197, 966 bp
atgaaaaggagcgcgtgtatgcctggaattatacaaatagacgatatgaaccaatctcaagctttaattg
gaaataatgatgaacatttaaaagcaattgaagagagtttcgatgttgtcatccatgcaagaggacaaga
agttgccgttaaaggtacaaaaatagaaaacgtagaaaaagcggaatcagtattaatcaatttgctgaag
gttattgatttaggtaataatattacaattaaagatgttgaagcagctattaaaatggcgcataataaca
caattcaacatctgttagatttatatgatgaagagataactaaagatgcatttggtaagacgattcgtgc
gaaaacgatggggcaacgtatatatgttaatgccatgaaaaataatgatttagtatttggtataggtcct
gctggtacaggtaagacattcttagctgtagtttatgcagcaaagcaactccgtaaaggtgctgttaaac
gtattgtattaacaagacctgctgttgaagcaggagagtcacttggatttttaccaggagatttgaaaga
aaaggtagatccatatttaagacctttatatgatggtctatatactgttcttgggcgtgaacaaacagag
cgatttattgaaagaggcattatcgaaatagcgccacttgcatatatgcgcggacgaacattagaagatg
catttgtaattcttgatgaggcgcagaatacgacacatgcgcaaatgaaaatgtttttaacaagactagg
ttttggctcaaaaatggtagttactggtgaccaaactcaaatcgatttacctaaaggtgttaaaagtgga
cttaaggaagcggtcagtaggttacacaacgttaaaggtataagtatattgaaattagatcagagcgatg
tagtcagacatccattggtaagtaagatcattgaacattatgaaggagagaattaa
>Potential gene 11:9483..10181, 699 bp
atgagtgtcggtattctaatttttgtcatatcagtgatcatttctatcattactactatgcgcgaaaata
gtcataaagatagacaaaatcaaaagccacctcaaaaaacatctaccgataatgaaccaaaaaaaggtgg
cttttttgaagaaattgagcgaacgtttaaagaaataagtgaagaattaaatgaagaagaaaagaaatca
tcgaaacgaaaatatgatgatacgttaccacctttattcgatgaacttccaaaggaagagcctaaatcga
aacctgttgtagaacctatggcacctaaaaaacaacaagaaacaaaaccgatgacagagaaaccaatcac
agtgcctaaagcagaaccggtggagcagaaacatagaccttctagacaagataattctgacgaaattaga
cgtcaattagaaaaatcacttagagatgatattaaaacgattcgtactgacattgatagagaaaaagaaa
agcaaattgctaaaatggaaaaacgtgctagagatattattgaggataaatacttatctgaacgtacaaa
acgtttgaaattaaagcagctgcttaattctcaaaatgtcgaaaaagatttgactaaatcagcgttccaa
tttgataaagatgaagtaatcaatggtatgatatggtcagaaattttagctaaaccaaaacaattataa
>Potential gene 12:10198..11187, 990 bp
atgtttagtttaagttttatcgtaatagcagttattatagtagttgcattacttattttattctcatttg
tacccattggtttatggatttcagcgttagcagctggcgttcatgttggtataggtacattggttggtat
gcgtttacgtcgtgtatctccaagaaaagttatagcgccattaattaaagcgcacaaagcaggactagca
ttaacaacaaaccaattagaatcgcattatctagcaggaggaaatgttgacagagttgttgacgctaata
ttgctgcacaacgtgctgacattgatcttcctttcgaacgtgctgctgcaattgaccttgcaggacgtga
cgtattagaagcggttcaaatgtctgttaatcctaaagtcattgaaacaccatttatcgcaggtgtagca
atgaacggtattgaagtgaaagccaaagctcgtatcacagttagagctaatattgctcgacttgttggtg
gtgctggtgaagaaacaatcatcgcacgtgttggtgaaggtatcgtttcaacaattggttctagtaagca
tcatacagaagtacttgaaaacccagataatatttctaaaacagttttaagcaaaggtttagattcaggt
actgcatttgaaattttatcaattgatattgctgacgttgatattagtaaaaatattggtgcagacttac
aaactgaacaagcattagcagacaaaaatattgcacaagcaaaagctgaagaacgtagagctatggctgt
agcaactgagcaagaaatgaaagcgcgtgtacaagaaatgcatgctaaagtagttgaagccgaatctgaa
gtaccattagctatggctgaagcattacgttcaggtaatatcagtgttaaagattattataatttgaaaa
atatcgaagctgatacaggcatgagaaatgcaattaataaacgaactgatcaaagtgatgatgagtcacc
tgaacattaa
>Potential gene 13:11205..11933, 729 bp
atgtgagggcgaggtgaaattgtgagttataataattttttacaaatgacaactatcttggaatcaacgg
ctggagatacttgggttgaacaagttagcaatataattgttcaacctatttttacgttaatattaacctg
tttgacattcttaggatttgtatatcaactttactctaaaaaaatcaatgcagctggtattatcgccaca
ttatcattacttattttatttttgggatttctaatccaaggaaatgtcaatatgcattctatcttaatat
tctcaattggcgttatattagttgtaattgaattatttgtagttggtgcagtaattggtattattggcat
gatactgataactataagcataacaacgctcggtgataatttgctatttatgcttgcgaatgttatcgtt
gccttgattttaacgattgtagaatgggtgatattagtgaagattttcaacagaaagattccgtttttgg
ataaagttatcttaaaagattcaactaattctgagtcaggttacaattctcatgataaccgctcgcacct
cgtaggaaagactgctcaaacagttacagatcttcgacctgcagggattattttttgtgaaaatgaacgt
attgatgctgtttcagatggcaactttattttgcgcaataaaacggtaaaaatccttgaagttgaaggaa
caagagtagttgtgagggaagtagattaa
>Potential gene 14:12601..14754, 2154 bp
atgacaacggttgggtttgtcttgttggccagaaagtgagtgaataatgtgcaacgttatttcatagacc
aaaacgctgatgtaagtcagcgtttttttattacaaaaaaagaagatattcatcatataacaaatgtaat
gagatatgatgttggtagtaaaattattttaacttttaatgatcaaacagtttatttatgtgaaattgct
gacataacaagtgataaaattgaagttgatttaaaagaaaaacaaaatattaatacagaattgccagttg
atgttacgatttgcagtggactaatcaaagctgacaaatatgagtggttgctacaaaaagctactgaatt
gggtgcttcatcatttatagctgtgagcatggaacgttcaattgttaaattaaacgaggcaaaagttgcc
aaaaagatagagcgttggcaaaaaataattaaagaagctgctgaacaaagctatcgtttagtgattccat
ctattcaattcgagtcgaatttaaaattaatttgtgatactattgataattatgactatattcttattgc
atatgaagaggaagcaaaagatggtgagttaagcaatttcaagcaaactttacaacaattcaatgctcag
gataaagtgttgatgatttttggtcctgagggtggtttgtcagaaaatgaaatttcattatttagtaata
ctagtacagttgttggtcttgggccgagaattttacgggcagaaactgcgccattgtatgcgttaagtgc
aataagttatgaaaaagaattaatggggtgaatatttatgtcaacagttgcgtttcacacattaggttgt
aaagtaaaccattatgaaactgaagcaatctggcaattatttaaagaagcaaactatgagcgcgttgact
ttgaagcgaatgctgatgtatttgttattaatacttgtacagtaacgaatacgggtgataaaaaaagtcg
tcaaataattagacgtgcaataagacaaaatcctgatgctgtaatctgtgtaacaggttgttatgcgcaa
acttcatcagctgaaattatggaaattcctggtgtcgatgtagtagttggtacacaagatagacataaac
tattaggttacattgacgaattccgtaaagaacgccaaccaattaatggtgttggaaatatcatgaaaaa
tcgtaaatatgaagaattagatgtcccttattttacagatagaacacgtgcgtcattaaaaattcaagaa
ggttgtaacaacttctgcacattctgtattattccatgggctcgtggcttaatgcgttcaagagatccgg
aaaaagtagttgaacaagcgacgcaactagtgaattcaggatataaggaaattgtattgacgggaattca
tacaggtggatatggtcaagatttaaaagattataacttggcccaattattacgtgatcttgaaacgatt
aatggattagaacgaattcgaatttcttcaattgaagcaagtcaacttacagatgaagtaattgacgttt
tagaacgttcaacaaaagttgtgcgtcatttgcatattccattacaatctggttcagatacagtattaaa
acgtatgagacgtaagtatacaatggatagattttcagaacgattaacaaaattgcataaagctttacca
gacttggcagttacgagtgatgtaattgttggtttcccaggtgaaactgaagctgagttccaagaaacat
atgattttatcgtaaagcataagttctctgaactgcatgttttcccttattctcctagaattggcacgcc
agctgcaagaatggatgaccaaattgatgaagaaattaaaaatgaacgggtgcataagttaattacgcta
agcaatcaactcggaaagttatatgcgtctaaatttgatcaagatgtgcttgaagtaattcctgaggaac
agggtgacacagaaggtacattagttggatatgcagataattatatgaaagtacaatttgaaggtgacga
atcactcataggtcaaattgtaaaagttaaaattacgcaagcaaattatccattaaatgaagggcaagca
attaaagttgttgatttcgcaacaaataaatctgatagagaagttttagtttaa
>Potential gene 15:14708..15646, 939 bp
atgaactggacagagctttcaattattattaatcatgaagcagtagaattggctaccaatatacttgaaa
atcatggatcaaatggtgtcgtgatagaagattcagatgatttaattaaccaaccagaagataaatacgg
tgaaatttacgctttgaaaaaagaggattatccagataagggagtaagattgaaagcctattttaatgaa
atgacttatgatgataagttgcgacagcaaattaaagatgagttattaaatttagatgaacttgatcaac
ataacgttcaattcagtgagcaaattattgcagagacggattgggaaaatgaatggaaaaactatttcca
tccattccgagcgtcgaagaagttcacaatagttcctagttgggaaacatatgctaaagaagcggatgaa
gagctttgcattgagctcgacccaggtatggcttttggaacaggtgatcatccgactacaagtatgtgtt
tgaaggcaatagaaacatatgtattgccacagcattcagtaattgatgttggtactggctcaggtatatt
aagtattgcaagtcatctaatcggtgtaaaacgtattaaagcgttggatattgatgaaatggcagtgagt
gtagctaaagaaaacttcagaagaaatcattgtgaaacgttaattgaagctgttccaggtaacttattga
aagacgaaacagaaaaatttgatattgtaatagcaaatattttagcgcatattattgatgaaatgattga
agatgcttataatactctaaatgaaggcggttattttattacttctggtattataaaagagaagtatgaa
ggtatacagtcacatatggagcgtgtaggttttaaaattatttcagaacaacatgacaacggttgggttt
gtcttgttggccagaaagtgagtgaataa
>Potential gene 16:15650..16414, 765 bp
atgacattaacatttgaagaagcggtatttggtacaacaaaagaaatttcaatccgtaaagatgtaacat
gcgaaacatgtcatggtgatggtgcaaagcctggaacaagtaaaaagacttgtagttactgtaatggcgc
tggtcatgtagctgtagaacaaaacacaattttaggtagagttcgtactgaacaagtttgtcctaaatgt
aatggaagtggtcaagaatttgaagaagcttgtccaacatgtcacggaaaaggtactgaaaataaaacag
ttaaattagaagtgaaagtacctgaaggtgtcgacaatgaacaacaaattagattagctggtgaaggctc
tccaggcgtgaatggaggacctgctggtgatttatacgtagtatttagagttaaaccatctgaaacattt
aaacgtgatggtgatgatatttattacaaattaaatgttagcttcccacaagcagctttaggcgatgaaa
taaaaataccaacattaaataatgaagttatgttaacaatccctgctggtacacaaacaggtaagcaatt
ccgcttaaaagaaaagggtataaaaaatgttcatggctatggatacggagatttatatgttgatattaaa
gtagtaacgcctactaaattaacagatagacaaaaagaactaatgaaagaatttgcccaattaaatggtg
aagaaattaatgaacaaccttcgaattttaaagatagagcaaaaagattctttaagggagaataa
>Potential gene 17:16925..18781, 1857 bp
atgattaaatggaggaattttattatgagtaaaattattggtatagacttaggtacaacaaattcatgtg
taacagtattagaaggcgatgagccaaaagtaattcaaaaccctgaaggttcacgtacaacaccatctgt
tgtagctttcaaaaatggagaaactcaagttggtgaagtagcaaaacgtcaagctattacaaacccaaac
actgttcaatctattaaacgtcatatgggtactgattataaagtagatattgaaggtaaatcatacacac
cacaagaaatctcagctatgattttacaaaacttaaaaaatacagctgaaagctatttaggtgagaaagt
tgacaaagctgtaattacagtacctgcatactttaacgatgctgaacgtcaagcaactaaagatgctggt
aaaattgctggtttagaagttgagcgtatcattaatgaaccaacagctgcagcattagcatatggtttag
acaaaactgataaagatgaaaaagttcttgtttttgacttaggtggcggtacatttgacgtatctatcct
agaattaggtgacggtgtattcgaagtactatcaacagccggtgacaacaaacttggcggtgatgatttt
gaccaagtaattattgactacctagttgcagaattcaaaaaagaaaatggcgtagacttatctcaagata
aaatggcattacaacgtttgaaagatgctgctgaaaaagctaaaaaagacttatcaggtgtatcacaaac
tcaaatctcattaccatttatctcagctggtgaaaacggtccattacacttagaagtaaacttaactcgt
tctaaatttgaagaattatcagattcattaattagaagaacaatggaacctacacgccaagcaatgaaag
acgctggcttaacaaactcagatatcgatgaagttatcttagttggtggatcaactcgtattccagcagt
acaagaagctgtcaaaaaagaaatcggtaaagagcctaacaaaggagtaaacccggacgaagtagtggca
atgggagctgcaatccaaggtggcgttatcacaggtgacgttaaagacgtagtattattagacgtaacac
cactatctttaggtattgaaattttaggtggacgtatgaatacgttaattgaacgtaacactacgattcc
tacatctaaatctcaaatctattcaacagcagtagataatcaaccatcagtagatgtacacgtattacaa
ggtgaacgtccaatggctgcggataataaaacacttggtagattccaattgactgatattccaccagctg
aacgtggtaaacctcaaattgaagtaacgtttgatatcgataaaaacggtattgtaaatgtaactgcaaa
agacttaggtacaaataaagaacaaagaattacaattcaatcaagttcttcattatcagacgaagaaatc
gaccgtatggtaaaagatgctgaagttaacgctgaagcagataaaaaacgtcgtgaagaagtagacttaa
gaaacgaagctgacagtctagtattccaagttgaaaaaactttaactgatttaggcgaaaatatcggtga
agaagataaaaaatctgctgaagagaaaaaagacgctcttaaaactgctttagaaggtcaagatatagaa
gatattaaatctaaaaaagaagaacttgaaaaagtgattcaagaattatcagcaaaagtatatgagcaag
cggctcaacagcaacaacaagcacaaggtgctaatgctggtcaaaacaatgatagtactgtagaagatgc
tgaatttaaagaagtaaaagacgacgacaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 18:18826..19452, 627 bp
atgacaaataaagacgaatcagttgaaaaaaacactgaatcaacagttgaagaaacaaacgtcaaacaaa
atattgatgattcagttgaacaagctgaagaaagtaaaggtcatttacaagatgaagcaatagaagaaac
gtctgacgagaatgttattgaagaaatagatccaaaagatcaaaaaattaatgaacttcaacaattagca
gatgaaaacgaagagaaatatttaaggctctacgctgagtttgaaaattataagcgtagaattcaaaaag
aaaatgaaataaacaaaacatatcaagcacaacgtgtgttaacagatattttaccagcaatagacaatat
agaacgtgcacttcaaattgaaggtgatgatgagacttttaaatctcttcaaaaaggtgtacaaatggtg
catgaaagtttgattaacgcactaaaagataatggtcttgaagttattaaaactgaaggtgaagcatttg
atccaaatattcaccaagctgtagttcaagatgataaccctgattttgaatctggcgaaatcactcaaga
actacaaaaaggatacaagcttaaagatagagtattaagaccatcaatggtcaaagtaaaccaataa
>Potential gene 19:19484..20461, 978 bp
atgattacagataggcaattgagtatattaaacgcaattgttgaggattatgttgattttggacaacccg
ttggttctaaaacactaattgagcgacataacttgaatgttagtcctgctacaattagaaatgagatgaa
acagcttgaagatttaaactatatcgagaagacacatagttcttcagggcgttcgccatcacaattaggt
tttaggtattatgtcaatcgtttacttgaacaaacatctcatcaaaaaacaaataaattaagacgattaa
atcaattgttagttgagaatcaatatgatgtatcatcagcattgacatattttgcagatgaattatcaaa
tatatctcaatatacaactttagttgttcatcctaatcataaacaagatattatcaataatgtacacttg
attcgtgctaatcctaatttagttataatggttatcgtattttcatcaggtcatgttgagcatgtacatc
ttgcttcagacataccgtttaataatgacaaactaaatacaatatcaaattttgttacaaacaaactaac
tgagtttaatcagaatttacaagatgatattgtctcttttgttcaatcagagcaggaagaaatttttatc
aataaattgttaaatacgatgaataatcatatttctaatcaaagtaatagcatttatatgggtggaaagg
ttaaacttattgatgcattgaatgaaagtaatgtatcttcaattcagcccattctacaatatatagaatc
aaatagaattgcagaattattacaagatatatcttcaccaaatattaatgtaaaaattggtaatgaaatt
gatgacagcttaagtgatatttcaattgtaacaagtcaatatcattttgatgaaacgttaaaaggtcaaa
tcgctgtgattggacctacagctatgcattatcaaaatgtcattcaattattaaatagaatttggtaa
>Potential gene 20:20561..21685, 1125 bp
atgacggtacaaagtgcatatatacatattccattttgtgtaagaatatgtacatattgtgatttcaata
aatattttatacagaatcaacctgtagatgagtacttagatgcactaatcacagaaatgtctacagcaaa
atataggatcttaaagaccatgtatgtaggtggcggcacaccaacggccctttctattaatcagttggaa
agattacttaaagcaatacgtgatacgtttacaatcacaggcgagtatacatttgaagcaaatcctgatg
agttaactaaagagaaagtccaactattagagaaatatggagtaaaaaggatttcaatgggcgttcaaac
attcaagccggagttattgtctgttttaggtagaacgcacaatactgaagatatttacacttcggtgtta
aatgctaaaaacacaggtattaaatcaatcagtttagatttaatgtatcatttaccgaaacagacgattg
aagattttgaacaaagtttagatctagctttagatatggatattcaacatatttcgagttacggcttaat
acttgaacctaaaacccaattttataatatgtatagaaaaggcttgctcaaacttcctaatgaggattta
ggtgctgacatgtatcagttgctgatgtctaagatagaacaatctcctttccatcaatacgaaatatcta
attttgcattagatggccatgaatcagaacataataaggtttactggtttaatgaggaatattatggatt
tggagcaggtgcaagtggttatgtagatggtgtgcgttatacgaatatcaatccagtgaatcattatatc
aaagctataaataaagaaagtaaagcaattttagtatcaaataaaccttctttgactgagagaatggaag
aagaaatgtttcttgggttgcgtttaaatgaaggtgtgagtagtagtaggttcaaaaagaagtttgacca
atctattgaaagtgtctttggtcaaacaataaataatttaaaagagaaggaattaattgtagaaaagaac
gatgtgattgcacttacaaatagagggaaagtcataggtaatgaggtttttgaagctttcctaataaatg
attaa
>Potential gene 21:21882..22157, 276 bp
atgttatattggcagccatcgacagagttaaaatgagcttataacaatggggccccaacacagaagctga
cgaaaagtcagcttactataatgtgcaagttggggtggggccccaacatagagaatttcgaaaagaaatt
ctacaggcaatgcaagttggggtgggacgacgaaataaattttgcgaaaatatcatttctgtcccactcc
cttatgcatgagttttactcatgtaattttatttttaaggacatattacatctggctaatgtgtaa
>Potential gene 22:21939..22130, 192 bp
atgcataagggagtgggacagaaatgatattttcgcaaaatttatttcgtcgtcccaccccaacttgcat
tgcctgtagaatttcttttcgaaattctctatgttggggccccaccccaacttgcacattatagtaagct
gacttttcgtcagcttctgtgttggggccccattgttataagctcattttaa
>Potential gene 23:22248..24071, 1824 bp
atggataatgagcaacgcttaaaaagaagagagaatataaggaatttctcgattatagcacatattgacc
acggaaaatctacattggctgatagaattttagaaaataccaaatcagttgaaacaagagatatgcaaga
tcagttactagattcaatggatttagaaagagaacgtggtattacaatcaaattaaacgcagtacgttta
aagtacgaagctaaagatggaaatacttatacattccatttaatcgatacgcctggacacgtcgatttta
catatgaagtgtcacgttctttggcagcttgtgagggcgcgattttagtagtagatgcggctcaaggtat
cgaagcacaaacattagcaaatgtttatttagcattagataatgagttagagttattgcctgttattaac
aaaattgatttacctgctgcagaacctgaacgcgtgaaacaagaaattgaagatatgataggtttagacc
aagacgatgttgttttagcaagtgctaaatctaacattggaattgaagagatactagagaaaatagttga
agttgtgccagctccagatggtgacccagaagcaccactaaaagcgttaatatttgattctgagtatgat
ccatatagaggggtaatttcatcgataagaattgtggacggtgttgttaaagccggagataaaattcgaa
tgatggccactggtaaagagttcgaagtaacagaagttggaattaatacacctaagcagcttccagttga
tgaattaacagttggtgatgttggttatattattgcaagtattaaaaatgttgatgattctagggttggt
gacaccatcacattagctagtagacctgcatcagaaccattgcaaggttataagaaaatgaatccaatgg
tatattgcggactgttcccaatagataacaaaaattataatgatttaagagaagcattagaaaaattaca
attgaatgatgcatcattagaatttgagcctgaatcgtcacaagcattaggttttggttatagaactggt
ttcttaggtatgttacacatggaaataattcaagaaagaattgaaagagaatttggtattgaattaattg
caactgcaccatctgtaatttatcaatgtgttttaagggacggttcagaagtgacggttgataacccagc
acaaatgccagatcgtgataaaattgataaaatatttgagccatatgttcgtgcaactatgatggttcca
aatgactatgtcggtgcagtaatggaattatgtcaacgtaaacgtggacaatttataaatatggactatt
tagatgatattcgtgtaaatattgtttatgaattacctttagctgaagttgtatttgatttcttcgatca
acttaaatctaatactaaaggatatgcatcatttgattatgaattcatcgaaaataaagaaagtaattta
gtcaagatggatattttattaaatggtgataaagtggatgcgctaagcttcatagttcatagagattttg
catatgaacgtggtaaagcattagttgaaaaacttaaaacgttaattccaagacagcaatttgaagtacc
tgtacaggctgcaataggacaaaaaattgtagcgcgtacaaatattaaatcaatgggtaaaaacgtttta
gctaaatgttatggcggtgacataagccgtaaacgtaaattacttgaaaaacaaaaagcaggtaaagcta
agatgaaagcagttggtaatgttgaaattccacaagatgctttcttggctgtattgaaaatggatgatga
ataa
>Potential gene 24:24417..24668, 252 bp
atggcaaatatcaaatctgcaattaaacgtgtaaaaacaactgaaaaagctgaagcacgcaacatttcac
aaaagagtgcaatgcgtacagcagttaaaaacgctaaaacagctgtttcaaataacgctgataataaaaa
tgaattagtaagcttagcagttaagttagtagacaaagctgctcaaagtaatttaatacattcaaacaaa
gctgaccgtattaaatcacaattaatgactgcaaataaataa
>Potential gene 25:24713..25687, 975 bp
atgagcgacaatattgtagctatttatggagatgtgcctgaattggttgaaaaacaaagtgcagaaatca
tatcacaatttttgaaaagtgatagagatgactttaactttgtgaaatataatttatacgaaacagagat
tgcaccaattgttgaagaaacattaacattgcctttcttttcagataaaaaagcaattttggttaaaaat
gcatatatatttacaggtgaaaaagcgccaaaagatatggctcataatgtagatcaattaatagaattta
ttgaaaaatatgatggcgaaaatttgattgtctttgagatatatcaaaataaacttgatgaaagaaaaaa
gttaactaaaactctaaaaaagcatgcaaggcttaaaaaaatagagcaaatgtctgaagaagaaataaaa
aaatggattcaaagtaaattaaatgagaatttcaaagatatcaaaagagatgcattagatttatttattg
agttgacaggtattaactttaatattgtctcacaagagatagaaaagttgattttatttttaggcgatag
accaacaattaataagcaggatgttaaccaaattattaatagaagtttagagcaaaatgtatttttactg
actgaatacattcagaaaagaaagaaagaacaagcaattcatttagtaaaagatttaataactatgaaag
aagaaccaattaaattacttgcactaattacaagtaattaccgattattttatcaatgtaagattctgag
tcaaaaaggatatagtggacagcaaattgctaaaacaataggagtacatccatacagagtaaaattagcg
ttaggacaagtaagacattatcaacttgatgaattattgaatattatagatgcttgtgcggaaactgatt
ataaacttaaatcatcatatatggataaacagttaatactggaattattcattctatctttataa
>Potential gene 26:25744..28068, 2325 bp
atgcagaagattatcataaccatgaatatgcaactaaattactcaaacaatctggtattgaatttaaaaa
aattccattttcaccagaatatgttgctaaatatctgactaaaggttaatgttttgctgtttgtcgcgtt
atcaatgattgtaggagtgctttggaattctagcaaagtgctctctacatttcttttcattttacttttg
tatattacttatcgtaaaaataaaatcgtttatgcccctatttctctctttttaatcattttctccgcat
ggtatttacattattcacaacaagcaatatttaattatatcaattatattgaacgtaattctcagtttaa
tgagcgtgctcaagtaatccaaattcaacgtcaaggtagtgacacatataaaggtaggttgagtttaaaa
aatgaaatatatcctttctttttaacagataaaaagaattttgatttaaagaaaattgaaagtcgtaatt
gtattgttaaaggacaattcaaagttaatgacaataagtttgtaactcttaaattacaaagtatagttgt
acaaagctgcctagaatcgaaccggtctaatttaattgagaaacataaacagtttataatgaatcgaatt
tatgattcgggtattaagtttccggatcgtattatggcattgattactggtgacgtaaaagaagttaatg
agcaatttaaggaacgtgttaaagagatagttatatatcatttgctggcagttagtggctcgcatatagc
tgcaattgtatttttaatttaccaacctttaaaacgattaaatttacctttatttgtcattaaaggaatt
acaatcattgtattagctttatttgctcaatacacaaattatgcacctagtgctgtaagagctataataa
tgacaactcttgtactggttattactaagcaaattaaaataaagagtattcagctattagcatttgcatt
tataattatgtttattttaaatccactagttgtttatgatattggatttcaattttcattcatcatttca
ttttttattatgctactttttccttttttacagcaattgtcaaagttacaatcattattcataattacgt
ttattgcacaattagcttcatttatcgttgccattccaagctttcatcaacttcaatgggtgggattttt
atctaatttgatttttgtaccgtactattcgattatattgtttccgctatctattttattctttattaca
agtcattttattgtgggattaacgccgctaaattacttggttgacctaagttttaattttcatgactggt
tactagacctattcacaagaatcaagcaatcacatttttctgttcccaagtttaatgattggatatttat
agtatttataatttctgtttattacatattttggttattggctaaacgtaaatatatattggttacgttt
tggactataattattctgacattattaataacgtttccaacaaattcacatcacaaaattacaatgttaa
atgtggggcagggagacagtattttatatgaaggcggtaagaaccaaaatgtcttgattgatacaggtgg
gaaagtgattgatgatactaaacaacctagttattcaatttctaaatatcatattttaccaacgctaaat
gaaagagggataaatgaattagagtatctaattttaacacatccacacaatgaccatattggtgaagtgg
aatatattattagtcatattaaaattaaacatatagtgatatacaataagggatatagtagtaatacatt
gatgttattatcgaaattaagccataagtacaacattaaacttatggatgtaagacaagttagtagtttt
aaacttggagatagtagttttctattttttgatagttttattccaaatagccgagataaaaatgagtatt
cgattattactatgattacatatcaaaataaaaaagttttattaatgggcgatgctagtaaaaataatga
atctttactactaaaaaaatataacttgccggagattgatattttaaaagtaggacatcatgggagcaag
acaagtagttctaaagaatttatagagatgattaagcctaaaataagtttgatttcttctgggaagaaca
atatgtatcatcttcctaatatagaagttgttaaacgattgcaaaggattcgcagtcgcatttacaatag
tcaacaaaacggtcaagttacaattgacttagatgataatttaaaagttgattcaagctcttatggaaat
gcaagtggtttatag
>Potential gene 27:27950..28381, 432 bp
atggcacaaagtcatttgctagcattacgttcaacttgtcaaagattatctgtaggtgcaacgattgtta
aggataatcgtattattgctggtggttataatggctctgtagctggcgaggtgcattgtatagatgaagg
atgtttaattgaagatggacattgtatcagaacgatacatgcagaaatgaatgctttattacaatgtgca
aaacaaggtgtatctactgaaggtgcaacaatctatgttactcattttccatgcctaaattgtacaaagt
caattattcaagcaggtataaagcgtatctactatgcagaagattatcataaccatgaatatgcaactaa
attactcaaacaatctggtattgaatttaaaaaaattccattttcaccagaatatgttgctaaatatctg
actaaaggttaa
>Potential gene 28:28503..29102, 600 bp
atggtattaattggttttatattctggagacaagatgattatacttcaagaaattttgaaaataaagata
ctgctctgaaacaaagcactagtgaaaatagtagtttgtccaaagtagaagatgtccaggtcaaagatgg
agataattccaaaaataagggtcctgtatatgtcgatgtaaaaggtgctgttaaacatcctaatgtttat
aaaatgacatctaaggatagagtagttgatttacttgataaagcacaattattggaggatgcagatgtaa
gtcaaattaatttgtctgaaaaattaacagatcaaaaaatgattttcatacctcataaaggacaaaagaa
tgttgaaccacaaattgaagtaaacagtgtgcacgaaaaaaatgggaacacaaataatactaaagtaaat
ttaaatacggcatctgtatcagaattgatgtctgttcctggagttgggcaagctaaagctaatgcaattg
ttgaatatcgcaaccaacaaggtgcatttcaagaaattgacgatttgaaaaaagtaaaaggttttggaag
taaaacttttgataaactgaaatcttatttcacgacataa
>Potential gene 29:29229..29945, 717 bp
atgtcgcaatatgcagaaatgagcctagtgtacgatcaattgactcaagatcaaccatatgaaaaatggt
ttgaaattgtaaaaaatcactgcaaagatgaatcaaatattttagatattggatgcggtactggtagttt
aacagttcaattagaagctttaggtaatgttactggtatggatttaagtgttgatatgttgactgttgca
gctcaaaaatcagcaaatgtaaattggcttgaaggagatatgacatcttttgatttgcaacaacaatttg
atatcatcactattttttgtgactctctaaattatttgcaagatgaaactgcagtgattgaaacattcat
caatgtttatcatcatctgactgattcaggtgtatttatttttgatgtacatactgtttataaaatgatg
actttgtttaataatcaaagttatattgatgataaaggggacatttttttagcatgggatgctgtgcaag
gagatttacctttaagtgtttatcatgatatgacatttttcattcgacatgaagatgaaacatattcaag
atttgatgagtctcattttcagagaacatttgatgaaaagacatatttgtcttggttagctcaagttggt
tttaaacatgttgaaacatttactgattttaatatagatgaacataatgaagatgcagaaagattgtttt
tcattgcgaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 30:29948..30301, 354 bp
atgaattcacaagaattattagcaattgctgtggatgcaattgacaataaaaaaggcgaagatacgattt
ctttagaaatgaaaggtatcagcgatatgacagattattttgttgtaacgcacggaaataatgaacgaca
agttcaagcgattgctagagcggtgaaagaagtagccaatgaacaaaatatagaagtaaaacgtatggaa
ggatacaatgaagcgcgttggatattaattgacttagctgatgttgtggtacatgttttccataaagacg
aaagaaattattataatattgaaaagttatatcaagatgcaccattagaatcatatagtcaggttgcgta
ttaa
>Potential gene 31:30302..30886, 585 bp
atgaacattgaaaaagcaaaacggcttgcaaaagagaaactgccagagaaacgttataatcattctttaa
gagttgcagaaacagcgattaaattggcagaaatttatgatggagacactagtaaagtagaattagcagg
tgtattacatgatttctgtaaatatgatgatttaggtaaaatgtatcaaattgttcgacaatacgaatta
ggtaatgatctactgagttatggtagtgaaatattgcatggccctgtgtgtgcagcaatcatggaacatg
aatatggtatcaatgatgaggaagtattaatggctatcaaataccatactactggacgtcaacaaatgac
aaaaactgaaaaactgatttttattgcagattacatcgaacctggaagaacaatcccaggagttgatgat
attcgagatatggcatacaatcaaggtagtttagataagacaatttatgaaatttctaaacgcacagtac
tatttttaatacagaaagatattacggtatataataagacgattgactgtttaaattattataactatag
tgacgaaagaataaaggatgattaa
>Potential gene 32:30828..31445, 618 bp
atgaaaaagatagtactttacggcggtcagtttaaccctatccatactgcacatatgatagtagctagcg
aagtatttcatgaattacagccagatgaattttattttttacctagttttatgtctccattgaaaaagca
ccatgattttatagacgttcagcacagattaacaatgatacagatgattatcgacgagcttggttttgga
gatatttgtgacgatgaaattaaacgtggtggtcaaagttatacctatgacacgatcaaggcattcaagg
agcaacacaaagacagtgagttgtactttgttattgggacggatcagtataaccaactagagaaatggta
tcaaattgaatacttaaaagaaatggttacttttgtagttgtaaatcgagacaaaaatagtcaaaatgtt
gaaaatgctatgattgcaattcagatacctagggtagatataagttcgacaatgattcgacaaagagtta
gtgaagggaaatctatccaagttcttgttcctaaatccgttgaaaactatattaagggggaaggattata
tgaacattgaaaaagcaaaacggcttgcaaaagagaaactgccagagaaacgttataa
>Potential gene 33:31448..31738, 291 bp
atgcttactggcaaacaaaaaagatacttaagaagtttagcacacaatattgatccgatttttcaaattg
gaaaaggcggtatcaacgaaaatatgattaaacaaatagatgatacgttagaaaacagagaattgattaa
agtacatgtactacaaaataactttgatgataaaaaagaattagctgaaacattaagcgaagctactcat
agtgaattagtgcaagtgattggatctatgatagtgatttatagagaatctaaagataataaagaaattg
aattgccataa
>Potential gene 34:31742..32548, 807 bp
atgaaatttgcagttataggaaatcctatttcacattccttgtcgcccgttatgcatagagcaaatttta
attctttaggattagatgatacttatgaagctttaaatattccaattgaagattttcatttaattaaaga
aattatttcgaaaaaagaattagaaggctttaatatcacaattcctcataaagaacgtatcataccgtat
ttagattatgttgatgaacaagcgattaatgcaggtgcagttaacactgttttgataaaagatggcaagt
ggatagggtataatacagatggtattggttatgttaaaggattgcacagcgtttatccagatttagaaaa
tgcatacattttaattttgggcgcaggtggtgcaagtaaaggtattgcttatgaattagcaaaatttgta
aagcccaaattaactgttgcgaatagaacgatggctcgttttgaatcttggaatttaaatataaaccaaa
tttcattagcagatgctgaaaagtatttagctgaattcgatatcgttattaatacaacaccagcgggtat
ggctggaaataacgaaagtattattaatttaaagcatctttctcccaatactttaatgagtgatattgtt
tatataccgtataaaacacctattttagaggaagcagagcgcaagggaaaccatatttataatggcttag
atatgtttgtttaccagggtgcggaaagctttaaaatttggactaataaagatgctgatattaattctat
gaaaacagcagttttacaacaattaaaaggagaataa
>Potential gene 35:32562..34190, 1629 bp
atgggtttagttcgcaagttttttatgccgaattcatatgttcaatcaatatttcaaattgatttagaca
agttagtggacaaaggcgttaaaggtattattacagatttagataatacgctagtaggttgggatgttaa
agaacctacagaacgtgttaaagcatggtttaaggaagctaatgaaaaaggaatcactattacaatcgtg
tctaataataatgagtctcgtgttgctagttttagtcagcatttagacatcgattttatttttaaagcga
gaaagccaatggggaaagcgtttgataaagcaataactaagatgaatatcagaccagatcaaactgttgt
tataggtgaccaaatgcttactgatgtatttggtggtaatcgtcgaggtctatatacaattatggttgtt
ccagttaaacgaactgatggctttattactaagtttaatagattaattgaaaggcgattattacgtcatt
tcagtaaaaaaggttatatcacatgggaggaaaattgattgtctgacattttaaaatgtatcggttgtgg
tgcgccacttcaatctgaagataaaaataaacctggttttgtaccagagcataatatgtttcgtgatgac
gtgatttgcagacgttgtttccgcttgaaaaattataacgaagttcaagatgtaggattagaaagtgaag
actttttaaaattattatcaggacttgcggataaaaagggtattgtcgtcaatgtcgtggatgtatttga
ctttgaaggatcatttattaatgcagttaaacgtattgtcggaaacaaaaaaatcattttagcagcaaat
aaattggatttattgccgaaacaaattaataaacgtcgagttaaagaatggttaaaacgaacagcaagaa
aatatggtttggaagctgacgatgtcgtattaatttcagctgaaaaaggctggggcatagacgacttatt
atcatcaattgcgaatattcgagaaaatgaagatgtgtatattgtagggacaacgaatgttgggaaatct
acattgattaataaactgattgaagctagtgttggtgaaaaagatgtagtaacaacttcaagattccctg
gaacaactttagatatgatagatattcctttagatgaaacatcatttatgtatgatacaccaggtattat
tcaagatcaccaaatgacgcatttagttagtgaaaaagaattgaaaattattatgcctaagaaagaaata
aaacaacgcgtatatcaattaaatgaggcgcagacattattcttcggcggtctagcgcgcatagattatg
tatcaggtggtaaacgtccgttagtttgtttcttttctaatgacttgaatatacatcgtactaaaacgga
gaaggctaatgatttatggcgtaatcaacttggcgatttattaacgccacctggaaatccacaaaatttt
gatcttaatgaggtaaaggctgttagacttgaaacaggcaaagagaaacgcgatgttatgatctctggtc
taggctttataactataggaccaggggctaaagtaatcgttcgtgttcctaaaaatgttgatgttgtatt
aagaaattctattttataa
>Potential gene 36:34210..34896, 687 bp
atgattggtataattggtgccatggaagaagaagtaacaatattaaaaaataaattaacacaattaagcg
aaatttcagttgcacatgttaaattttatactggcattttaaaagatagagaagtagtgattacccaaag
tggcattggaaaagttaatgctgcaatttctacgacattattaattaataagtttaaaccggacgtcatt
attaatacaggttctgctggagctttagatgaaagtttaaatgtaggtgacgttcttataagtgatgatg
taaaatatcatgatgcagacgcaacagcatttggttatgaatatggacaaataccacagatgccggtagc
atttcaatcaagtaaacctttaatagaaaaagtatctcaagttgtacaacaacaacaattaacagctaaa
gtaggcttaattgtaagtggtgatagctttatcggtagtgttgaacaacgccaaaaaattaaaaaagcat
ttccaaatgcgatggcggttgaaatggaagcaactgcaattgcacaaacatgttatcaatttaatgtacc
atttgttgtagttcgtgcagtttcagacttagcaaatggagaagcggaaatgagcttcgaagcattttta
gaaaaagcagctgtatcatcaagtcaaactgttgaagcattagtgtctcaattataa
>Potential gene 37:35210..35479, 270 bp
atggctgaaaataatcaaaatagtctcgtaacaaagatagctacatacggcagttttattgcaattgcgt
cgtttgtcattttatttataagtatatttttaaagttttcatttaatatcgagtttacagcaacaattat
gaacatatgtcgctacactctaattctaggatttatacttatgtccttacctgatgttgttgataaaaac
atcaagaaaattatattcgatgcatttattatcatcgtctttatcttctttttactatag
>Potential gene 38:35681..36286, 606 bp
atgtcattcatcaatccaactcagcttgaaaataaaaacacaaacgatagactgttgaagcatgatttgt
tatttcatgacatgttcgtaaatgatgattggaaaaaggattttaaagttgaatttgaaaatgaggcact
ttcaaagaaatttataaataaggatatcgatatatttgctggaaattatggatacggatgtcatggggga
gcaaccaataaaacgcaatgtagttatggtggtgttactttaagtgacaataataaatacgatgattata
agaatataccttgtaatttatggattgacggacatcaaacagaaatagaactaactgcagtaaaaacgaa
aaagaaaattgttactattcaagaattagaggttcaattaagaaattatttgaatgagaagtataagttg
tacgaacaaggtggcgacattgttaaagggtatgttaaatattataatgatgatgaacaaaatgtagaat
atgatttttataatttaaatggtgagtatggtcgtgaggtattaaaaatgtatgctgataataaaactat
caatagtgacaaattgcatttagatatctatttattcaaatcataa
>Potential gene 39:36204..36476, 273 bp
atgtcatgaaataacaaatcatgcttcaacagtctatcgtttgtgtttttattttcaagctgagttggat
tgatgaatgacatcttagcattacttagacgctttgaatcaaacttacttttatgatgtaagtctgaata
ttcgattgcactcgctgaatttgtaaaaattccttctaacaataatattaaaataaatcctgttaaatat
ttaacttcaaactcccccaaaacaattattaatttacatttgagagcgagacataaatgataa
>Potential gene 40:36495..36839, 345 bp
atgtgatcagctatacttatagtatttgtaagatcgcgtaattgcttcattgaaaaaatatatttgttga
gagtggtgcatgacaaatgtactgctctttttgttgtgtatcagtattgtgatgttttaatgagaatatt
atatgaatcattatgaaatttaataaaaataaaagaaatgattatcattttttcttatatactgttaaac
ggtttggaatttttaggtatacactgtattggttgatataactcaactaataattgcgaacagagtattt
caaattgaaaagtattatgagcgtgatacataatcaaaattgtaggctcaagaaccactacataa
>Potential gene 41:36847..38067, 1221 bp
atgggttacagaactttaaaaagtatttttcatgaacacaatgaaagtaaaatgaaggaagagtatatta
aaagatttaattctttagcttctttcaatactaatattaatatcatacctatggaaaatggaaaaaaagt
taatgatttggaatatcctctattctttatggtgactaaaaatctatcaaaaaaacaagaattaatatca
attaatagtagaaaaattgatagagcacttaattctttaccatatgcagctagagaacaatattttaatg
atttattaatcgatgaattacaaagtactaatgaaattgaaaatgtatttagtactaaacaagagattgc
acatgcgttaaataaccaagcatcagaatttcttaagttcagaggcctcgtggatcaatataaagagata
gaacttaataaaaaaattaaagttgataatgtaagagacattagagcgatttatgataaattagtttcaa
atgaaattaacgaacaagataagttagatggagagctatttcgtaaaaattttgtcggtgtgcatgatgg
gtcaacgaataaatatatacatgttgggttacaacctgaaaccaaaattgttgaatttataggtgaaatg
ctaacatttttaaaatattttgatgcgcctcagccgttcaaaatcatggctagtcattatctgtttgaat
atatacatcctttttatgatggcaatggtagagttggaagatttataattgccaagctcttgagtgatta
ttatgataattatactgctttgacattttcatatgttataaatagaaataaatcgaaatattacaaggcg
tttatgactgcttcaaatcatttgaattgtggtgatttgacggaatttattgacacaatgcttgagctat
tgatagcaggacaagaaagaatacttgatgagttaataccaaaaatggatgcgactgaaaaattaacgct
ttatttaactagtcattataaacagatagattatgaatttttgtatctcctttcaatggataaattgttt
ggaaataaaagaaatagattaacattaattgatttagaaaacatattgggagtaggaagagtaaaaatta
ataatacaattaaaaaatatgataactacttagttaaaattaaaagtagaccaacaatttatgagataag
tgatgaatttctaaattcgattataaaataa
>Potential gene 42:38356..39585, 1230 bp
atggggagaaatttaaagcttaaaaaagaaagtgactttgaattcacaaaaaatcataaaaggttattat
taggttctgtatttttgatggcaacttctgcaattgggccagcatttttaacgcaaacagcagtatttac
atcacaattttttgcaagtttcgcatttgccatattactgtctatcatcattgacattggtgcacaaatt
aatatatggcgcatattagttgtaactggtttaagaggtcaagaaatatcaaataaagttgttcctgggc
ttggtactgttatctcaatattgattgcatttggtggtctagcttttaatattggtaatattgctggtgc
cggtttaggtttaaatgcaatttttggattagatgtaaaatggggcgcagctattactgcaatctttgca
atattaatctttgtaagtaaaagtggccaaaaaattatggacgttgtttcaatgattcttggtattgtga
tgattttagttgtggcatatgtgatgtttgtttctaatccaccttatggtgatgcttttgtgcatacatt
tgcgccagaacatccaatgaaattagtcttgcccatcattacgttagttggtggaactgtaggtggttat
attacctttgcaggtgcacatcgtatattagactctggcattaaaggtaagcaatatttaccatttgtaa
atcaatcagcaattgctggtattttaactacaggtattatgagaacgttactattcctagcggtattagg
agttgttgtaacaggtgtgacactaagttctgaaaatccaccagcgtcagtttttgaacacgcaattgga
ccaattggaaagaatatttttggtattgtgttatttgctgcagctatgtcatcagtaattggctcagcat
acacaagcgcaacatttttaaaaacacttcataaatcacttaacgaaagaagtaatttaattgtgattgt
gtttatcgttatttcaacaatgattttcttatttattggaaaaccaatcagccttttaattatagcaggc
gcgataaatggatggattttacctattacgttaggtgcaattttgattgcaagtaaaaagaaatcaattg
ttggtgattataaacacccaaattggatgttcatctttggtatcgttgcagtacttgttacaatattgac
aggtatattctcattcaaagaagtacttcagttattttaa
>Potential gene 43:39598..40350, 753 bp
atgcgagttgatttgaattgtgatttaggcgaagcatttggaaattattcctttggtggtgatcatcaaa
ttattccgttaattacaagtgcgaatgttgcttgtggttttcacgctggtgatgaaaatgtaatgaatga
aacggtaaaacttgccaaagcacataatgttgcagtaggtgcacatcctggtttacctgatttgaaaggc
tttggcagacgaaatatagatatctctaacgacgagatttataatttgatgatttatcaattaggtgcat
tacaagggttttgtcgcattcatcaagttaaaattaatcatgttaaaccgcatggtgcattgtatcagat
gggtgcaaaagacagagaaatagcaaacgttatagcacaagctgtttatgactttgatccatcactagtg
ttagtaggattagcaaattcatatctaatttcagaagcaaagaatgtcggattaattacagcttctgaag
tgtttgctgatagacgatacgaagatgatgggcagctcgttagtagaaaagaaagtgatgctgtgattac
tgatactgacgaagcacttaagcaggttttaaagatggtgaaggaaaataaagttatttcaaaaaacaat
aaggaagtaacgttacaagcagatacaatttgtgtgcatggtgatggagaacatgcattattatttgttt
cgaaaattagagaaattttaatgaaagaaggcattgatattcaatccttatag
>Potential gene 44:40350..41711, 1362 bp
atgcttcgttgtttaattgcgaacagaggtgaaattgctgtaaggattataagagcttgcagagaatatg
ggattgaaactgtagcagtttatgcaaaaggggacgagcaaagcttgcatgtacatttagcagatcaagc
tatatgtattggggaagctaatgctttagatagttatttaaatattgaccgcatcatatctgctgcacaa
atcactggtgctaatgcaattcacccaggatatggctttttatcagaatcaacaaaatttgctcaaaccg
ttgaggaacaaggcatagcgtttatagggcctactaaaaaaacgatggaaatgatgggggataaaataac
agcaagacaaacagttcatcatgcaggtgttcctgtgattccaggatcaaatggtgctgtgaatcatgtg
tctgaaattgagaatcttgccaaagacatcggttatccagttgttatcaaagctgccagtggcggtggtg
gtaaaggtatacgtattgtaaagaaagctgaagatttagaaaaggcatttaaagaagctaaaagtgaagg
aaaaaaatactttgatgatgatcgtgtttatgttgaggcttttatacctgttgcaaaacatgttgaagtt
caagttatgggagatgggcaggataattatgtacatttaggggaacgtgattgttctgtacaacgtaaaa
atcaaaaattaatcgaagaatctccttgtgcagcattaactgaagaaagacgacaacaaatatgtaacga
tgctgttaaagttgcacgtgcagcaaattatagaagtgcaggtacgattgaatttttagtaactgatacc
gcacattactttattgaaatgaatgctcgaatacaagttgaacatactgttacagagatgcgagcagaac
gtgatttggttgcagcacaactgtatttattggaacataatcatttacctttttcacaaagcgatattca
atttaatggtcatgtgatagaagcgagaataaatgccgaaaatcctgaaaagaaatttcaaccaacacca
ggtaaagtgacagcgttacatttacctcaaggctttaatgtgcgagtcgattctttactatatcacggtt
atcaagtttcaccatattatgattctttagtagctaaagtaattgtaaaatctcatgatagagcttcagc
aattgataagttgaaagtcaccttagatgaaatggtgatagatggattttctacaactgccgatttttta
tatgcagttttaaattatccactatatcgtgatggagatgcaaaagatgttgatattaaatttttagaaa
aacatcaaattgttaaaggggtggaattataa
>Potential gene 45:41725..42174, 450 bp
atgaatattgaaaaaatcgaacaaataatcaaattagtgaaggaaaatgatgttaagaaatttaaatata
aaaattttgaagatgaaatagaaattgacttcactgactcgaatcatttggctgcacacagtaatcaatc
aaatcaaagtatgaacaataatgatttgacagcttcaaaagcgaatgataactccgatgtttcgacaaat
gattatcatgacattaaatcaccaatgataggtacattctttttacaagatagtaaagaattaactgaac
caattgtgaatgtcggtgacaaagttaacaagggagatattataggatatgttgaagcgatgaaagtatt
aaacgaggtaacaacagatgttgctggagaaattactgaaatagtagctgatcatggcacaaatgttgaa
tacgaccaagttttggtacgtattaagtaa
>Potential gene 46:42176..43264, 1089 bp
atgaacagaaatttatacaaatcgaaagagatatatcagatggcaactttaatgttgatgactgggtggt
gattgaaaatgtcaattaagattttacaaccaggtctcttttcaacggtacaagatctaggaagaatagg
ttatgaacatattggattttcaggcgcaggtgccatggatcaatttagttttaaggttgcgcagtcatta
attaacaatgatggtccagcgattgaatatactttgattggtcctaccattcaatttaatacgcaaaata
catttgttataaccggtggtagtattaatgcttcgctaaataataaaactatatcaatgaattctgtcat
attagctgagaaaggtgacattttaaaaataggtgctataaccaaaggtgcacgcggttatcttactttt
ggtcattctatcaacgtaccttctattgctgaaagttatgcaacacatacccgaagcagtataggaggat
tcaaaggtagaaagttattagctgatgatgtaataacagtgaaaataaataatgactttaaagaaaacat
tggaaagacgattcatttacaggacgatttattgccagaaaataatattatacacattcttcaaggacct
caattcgaggcattttctgaagaggctagagcgaaaattgtaaatcatccatatttaattactgaacaat
cagaccgtatgggctatcgtttggaaggtgacagcgttgcaccaattaatcaagcagatatcatttctga
accggttgctcttggtagtgttcaggtaccaaatgatggtcaacctattattctgcttaatgataaacaa
acgataggtggttataccaaaattgcaactgtatgcaaatttgatctgccaaagttagcacagatgaaac
cacaagatacaattcaatttaaatggatatcattccaagaagctgtagataagaatcgggaacaaatgtc
tctgtttaatgaaattcttaagagtcatcaaaagactccaatttttgatacatctagcttgcgacatact
tcgaaaaaattagcaacaattttaaaaggggatttgtaa
>Potential gene 47:43176..43877, 702 bp
atgatttattttgaaaataaaatatccgaagagacatatcgtaatgtcacagcaatggtacggtggatac
gagaaaaagaaatattagaaattcaagatattgtcccttcgtatcgagcagttctaatatattttgatga
acaagctataacatcttctaaattaattgaaaatttagaacttaacaaatttaatgaaaaaaatgttcat
gctgtgaatcaaaccaatcgtattattaaaatacctgttcaatatggtggtacatatggaccagatattg
aagaagtagcaaagcataatcgaataactgttgagcaagttattgaaaaacatacaagtaaaccttattt
aatatatatgctaggatttatgccaggatttccatacttaggcggacttgatgaacaactacatacacct
agacgtaatcagccaaggttaaaaattcatgcaggttctgtaggtattgcgaataatcaaacaggactat
atccatcagattctcctggcggatggcaaattattggacgcacaccgttaaaagtatttagcagcgagcg
tgaaccaatgtcaatgtacgaagcaggagaatggatacaattttatgcaatagatgaacagaaatttata
caaatcgaaagagatatatcagatggcaactttaatgttgatgactgggtggtgattgaaaatgtcaatt
aa
>Potential gene 48:44236..44712, 477 bp
atggaaaatcaaaagcaatatccaatgactcaagaaggttttgaaaaattagagcgtgaacttgaagaat
taaaaacagttaagcgtcctgaagttgtagagaaaattaaagttgcacgttcatttggtgacttatcaga
gaactctgagtatgatgcagcaaaagatgaacaaggattcatcgaacaagatattcaaagaattgagcat
atgttaagaaatgcattaatcattgaagatactggagataacaacgttgttaaaattggtaaaacagtaa
cgtttgtagaattaccaggtgatgaagaggaaagttatcaaatcgttggttcagctgaatcagatgcatt
taatggtaagatttcaaatgaatcaccaatggctaaagcgttaattggtaaaggtttagatgatgaagtt
cgtgttccactacctaatggtggcgaaatgaacgtaaaaattgttaatatccaataa
>Potential gene 49:44740..45363, 624 bp
atgaaagctactacaatcattggcatagctggtggatctggctcaggaaaaacaactgtaactaacgaaa
ttatgaaaaacttagaaggtcatagtgtcgctttacttgctcaagattactattataaagatcaaaagca
cttgactttcgacgagcgcctagaaaccaattatgaccatccatttgcattcgataatgatttattaatt
gaaaatcttaaagacttgaaaaatggtaaagcagtagaagtaccgacatatgattatgctagtcatacaa
gaagtgacattaccattgattttaaacctaaagatgttattatcgtagaaggcattttcgctttagaaaa
taaggtattacgtgatatgatggatgttaaaatatatgttgatacagatgcagacttgagaatattacgc
cgtttaacacgagatactaaagagcgtgggcgttcaatggactctgttatcaatcaatatttaagtgttg
ttagacctatgcatgaccaatttattgaaccgactaagaaatatgctgatataattattcctgaaggtgg
gagcaataaagttgcaatagatattatgacaacaaaaattcagtctttagttagcaagcaatag
>Potential gene 50:45363..46631, 1269 bp
atgaagacaatagaagagattaaatcaactcctaaaacagttatgaagaaaccagaattattagcacctg
ctggaaacttagaaaagttaaaaatagcagtacattatggcgctgatgccgtatttttaggtggtcaaga
atatggattacgttcaaatgctgataatttcacgatggaagaaatagctgaaggtgttgaatttgcgaac
cgttacggtgccaaaatttatgttacgacaaatattattgcacatgatgagaatattgaaggtctagaat
catatttgcgtaatttggaaaagactggtgcgacaggtatcattgttgcagatcctttaattatcgaaac
atgtaaagaagttgcgccaaaacttgaaattcatttatctactcaacaatcactttctaattacaaagct
gtagaatattggaaagaagaaggattggatcgtgttgtattagcacgtgagaccggcgcgatggaaatgc
gtgaaatgaaggaaaaagtagatattgaaatcgaagcatttattcatggtgctatgtgtatcgcctattc
aggtagatgtacattaagtaatcatatgactgcaagggattccaacagaggcggttgctgtcaaagttgc
cgttgggattatgaattattagaagttgatgataatggtgaacttgatgttttttataatcaaggtgaag
ttacaccgtttgcgatgagtcctaaagatttaaaattaatcgaatcaattcctcaaatgatggatattgg
tgtggactcattaaaaattgaaggacgtatgaagtcaattcattatattgcaacagttgtctcagtatat
cgtaaagtcattgatgcgtatgcggcagatcctgacaactttaagattaatccggaatggttaatagagt
tagataaatgtgcaaatagagacactgcaccagcattctttgagggaacacctggttatgaagaacagat
gtttggtcaacaacaatctaaaaaatcaccatttgatttttgtggtttggtattagactataatgaagat
acaaaaattgcgactattcaacaacgaaataactttaaaccaggtcaagaaatagaattctttggtccag
aaattgaaacatttacacaagtagtagaagcaatttatgatgaagaaggtaacagcttagacgcggcgcg
ccatccattacaaatcgttcaaattaaagtggatcgcccgatatatccaaacaacatgatgagaaaggaa
attggctaa
>Potential gene 51:46643..47572, 930 bp
atgactatgacagaattacttgtcacacccaagtcattaagccatatggaaacacttattgatttaggtg
cagatgcttttgtaattggcgagcaaaagtttggtttaagacttccaggggaattcaatagacaacaaat
gacagaggctgtcgcattagctcacaaaaacgataaaaaagtatatgcggcagtgaatggattatttcat
aattatcatttagatgctgtagaagattatattaattttttacatgaaatacgagttgacagaattattt
tcggggatccagcagtagtaatgtatgtgaaggcgcaagaaaatccaataccacttcattggaatgcaga
gacgttagtaactaatcattttcaatgtaattactggggtaaaagaggcgcatcaagagctgtcttagca
cgtgagctgaatttggatgaaattattaatataaaagaaaattcaaatgtggaaattgaggtgcaagttc
aaggaatgacttgtatgtttcaatcaaagcgtatgctactaggcaattattatacgttccaagatcgcca
aatgaaaattgaacgtcgcaatgatgaacaatctttattactttatgatgaagaaagacaaaataattac
ccagtttacgaagattacaatggtacgcacattatgtcaccaaacgacatttgtttaattgaagaattag
caccattttttgaggcgggtatagattcatttaaaatcgatggtattctacaaacggaagaatatattaa
tgtggtaacggaacagtatcgtcaagcgatagatttgtacaatgaagatcctgaaatctatgaagatgag
aaatttatgttgatggatccaattgaagaaattcaacctgatcatcgaccatttgacgaaggtttcttat
ataaacaaacagtatattaa
>Potential gene 52:47533..48207, 675 bp
atggatgacctaaataaaaaatatttaatagatttacatcaacatcaaaatagttcaatcgaagttttgc
gtgaatttgccgaggtaaatgaagtgccaattgtagatcgtttaacattagatttaattaagcaattaat
tcgtatgaataatgttaaaaatattttagaaattggtacagcaatcggctatagttctatgcaattcgct
tctatatctgatgacattcatgtcacaacgatagagcgtaatgaaacgatgattcaatatgctaaacaaa
atttagctacttatcattttgaaaaccaggttcgaattattgaaggtaatgctttagagcaatttgaaaa
tgtaaatgacaaagtttatgatatgatatttattgatgcagcaaaagcgcaatcaaagaaattttttgaa
atatatacaccacttttaaagcaccaaggtctcgtaattacagataatgttttatatcacggttttgtat
cggatattgggattgttagatcgagaaatgtaagacaaatggttaaaaaggttcaagattataatgagtg
gttaataaagcaaccaggatatacaacgaattttttaaatatagacgatggattagcgatttcaattaaa
ggagaatgactatgacagaattacttgtcacacccaagtcattaa
>Potential gene 53:48492..48800, 309 bp
atgactgaacataatcatgattcacaactagaaattaataacgaagaagaattattaactttattcgatg
aagagggaaatgaagttttataccgaaaagttttagaattttatcatcctgaattcaaaaaagagtatgt
tatcttagctgaagaaggtgctcaatcagatgaagacgatatgattgagcttgtaccaatgatcaatgaa
ccagatgagtcaggtgacggtggtaagttagtaccaatcgaaactgatgaagaatgggacatgattgaag
aagttgtaaatactgaaatggaagaataa
>Potential gene 54:48815..49243, 429 bp
atgttacaacataaaattttaggactcgatgtcggtagtagaacggtaggaattgcaattagtgatataa
tgggttggacggcacaaggattagacacactccgaatcaatgaagaaaataatgaattaggtattgacca
attagtagacattattaaaaaacataatgtgggtacagtcgtaataggactacctaaaaacatgaataat
tcaataggatttcgaggcgaagcttcgttaacatataaagaaaaattattagaagcttatccttctattg
agattgtgatgtgggatgaaagattaagcacaatggctgctgaacgatcattattagaagcagatgtttc
aagacaaaaaagaaaacaagtgattgataaaatggcagcggtatttattttacaaggctatttagattca
ctacattaa
>Potential gene 55:49247..49507, 261 bp
atggaaaactttgataaaacaatgaaattcgactatgaagaacttccaacgcaagatgtaagagatgttt
taaataatgtttatcgaacattagatgaacgaggatataatgccgtaaaccaaattgtaggttatttatt
atcaggtgaccctgcgtatattccacgccaaaatgaagcaagaaatcaaattcgtcatattgatagagat
gttattatggaagagcttgtttcttactatttaaaagagcaaaataaataa
>Potential gene 56:49570..52203, 2634 bp
atgatgaaaaagttaaaagcgagtgaaattagacaaaaatatctagatttctttgttgaaaaaggacata
tggttgaaccttctgcaccattagtgccaattgatgatgatacattattatggattaattcaggtgtagc
aacattaaagaaatattttgatggacgtgaaacacctaaaaagccaagaattgtaaactctcaaaaagct
attcgtacaaatgatattgaaaatgttggtttcacagcgcgtcaccatacattctttgaaatgttaggta
acttctcaattggtgattattttaaacaagaagcgattgaatttgcttgggaatttttaacgagtgataa
atggatgggtatggagccagataaattgtacgttacgattcatccggaagatatggaagcatacaacatt
tggcataaagatattgggcttgaagaaagtcgtattattcgcattgaaggtaacttctgggatattggtg
aagggccttcaggaccgaacactgagattttctatgatcgcggagaagcatatggacaagacgatccggc
agaagaaatgtatccaggtggagaaaatgaacgctatcttgaagtatggaacttagtatttagtgaattc
aatcataataaagatcatagttacacaccattacctaataaaaatattgatactggcatggggcttgagc
gtatggcctcagtttctcaaaatgtacgtactaactatgaaacagatttatttatgcctataatgaatga
aatcgaaaaagtatcaggtaaacaatatttagtaaacaacgaacaagatgtggcatttaaagtaattgct
gaccacattcgtacgattgcatttgcaatttctgatggtgcattacctgccaatgaaggtagagggtatg
tattacgtcgattgttacgtcgtgccgttcgttttagtcaaacgttaggaatcaatgagccatttatgta
caaacttgttgatattgttgcagacattatggaaccatattatccaaatgttaaggaaaaagcagatttc
attaagcgtgttataaagtctgaagaagaacgattccatgaaacattagaagatggtttagcgattttaa
atgaattaattaaaaaagctaaagcgacaacaaatgaaattaatgggaaagatgcatttaaattgtatga
tacgtatgggttcccaattgaattaactgaagaaatagcagtgcaagcaggattgaaagttgatatgaca
acattcgagtcagaaatgcaacaacaacgtgatcgtgcacgtcaagcacgtcaaaattctcaatcaatgc
aagttcaaagtgaagtattgaaaaatattacatctgcaagtacttttgttggttatgatactgcgacagc
tcaaacaacactaacacacttgatatacaatggtgaagaagtttcacaagttgaagcgggtgaaacagta
tacttcatgttaacggaaacaccattttatgcaatcagtggtggacaagttgcggatacaggtattgttt
ataatgacaattttgaaattgctgttagtgaagtaaccaaagcaccaaatggtcaaaacttgcataaagg
agtagtacaatttggccaagtaaatgttggcgctacagtgtctgctgaagtgaaccaaaatgatcgacgt
gacattcaaaagaaccatagtgcaacacatttattacatgcagcgttgaaatcagtactgggtgatcatg
ttaaccaagctggttcactagtagaagcagatcgtttacgttttgatttctctcattttggtccaatgac
taatgatgaaattgatcaagttgaacgcttagtaaatgaagaaatttggaaaggtattgacgttaacatt
caagaaatggatattgcttcagctaaagaaatgggcgcaatggcattattcggtgaaaaatatggtgatg
ttgtgcgtgtagtaaatatggcaccattttcaattgaattatgtggtggtattcatgtccgcaatacttc
tgaaattggcttattcaaaatagtaagtgagtcaggtacaggagctggtgtgcgtcgtattgaagcatta
acaggtaaagcagctttcttatatttagaagatattcaagagaaatttaatacgatgaaatcacagctga
aagtgaaatctgatgatcaagtagtcgataagttaacacaattacaagatgaagaaaaagcattattaaa
acaattagagcaacgtgacaaagaaatcacatcacttaaaatgggtaatattgaagatcaagttgaagaa
atcaatggctataaagtattggttactgaagtggatgtaccaaatgcgaaagcaattcgctcgacaatgg
acgattttaaatctaaactacaagatacaattatcattcttgcaagtaatgttgatgataaagtatcgat
ggttgcaactgtccctaaatctttaacaaataacgttaaagccggtgatcttatcaaacaaatggcacca
atcgttggtggtaaaggtggcggtcgtccagatatggctcaaggtggcggtacacaacctgaaaatatct
caaaatcattaagctttattaaagattacattaaaaatctataa
>Potential gene 57:52531..55062, 2532 bp
atgcgctgaaaacattcactaaaatgaaagaggaggagtaacatgtcagaccctacactatttgattatt
caatgatcaaaggtactgttgaagcgatattgtttcaaaacagtgataatttttatacagtgcttaaagt
agatactattgaaacaaatgaagactttgatacaatgccaactgttgtagggtttcttccgaatattgtt
gaaggcgatgtctacacatttaaagggcaagttgttgatcatccacgttatggtaaacaattaaaagcag
agacttttgaaaaagaaatgccacaaacgaaagaagcaattataagttatttatctagtgatttgtttaa
aggtgtaggtaaaaagacagctcaaaatattgttaatacattaggtgacaatgcgataaatgatatatta
gatgaccattcagtgctagaaaaagtttcgggattatctaaaaagaaacagaaacaaattgcagaacaaa
tttcagcaaatcaagaatctgaaaaaataatgattcgtttacatgatttagggtttggtcctaaactttc
aatggcaatttatcagttttatctcggcgatacactgactattttagatcgaaatccatatcaattgatt
tatgatattaaaggtattggttttaataaagcagatcaacttgctagaaatattggtatcgcttataacg
ataatgaacgattaaaagctgcgttgctctatacgttagaagaagaatgtattaaacagggacatacata
tttgcctatcaatgttgttatagatttaacggttgatgtattaaattatcaagatgaagaggtcatcgaa
cctgaaaaattagacgaaatgttgcaatacttaaatgaggaaaaacgactaattattgacaatgaacaag
ttgcaattccaagtttgtattattctgaaatcaaaagtgttcaaaacttattcagaataaagacgcatac
aaataaacttacagaaattgaacagtcagatttacaaatgcatattggtgaaatagaagatgcgaatcaa
gtgaactatgcagcttcacaaaaagaagctttgcaaacggctatcaattctaaggtgatgctattaaccg
gtggaccgggaacaggaaaaacgacagtaattaaaggtattgttgaattatatgctgagattcatggctt
atcattagattatgatgattatgtcaatgatgattatccagttgtattagcagcgccaacaggaagagcg
tctaagagactacaagagtcaactggattagaagcaatgacgattcatcgtttaataggttggaatcaag
acacaaagccagaggatatattagaaaatgaaataaacgcacgactcataatcattgatgagatgtctat
ggtagatacttggttgttccaccaatttttaagtgcagttcctttagatgcacaattgatatttgtaggt
gatgaggaccaattgccttctgtaggtcctggtcaagtatttaaagatttaattgaatcgaaagctatac
cacgagtaaatctgactgaagtatatcgtcaacaagatggttcaagcattatagaattagcacatcgaat
gaagttgggtcagaaaattgatattacacagcgttttcatgatagaagttttattaactgtcaggcaaac
caaataccaacagttgttgagaaggtagttactagtgctgttaataaagggtatactatggctgatattc
aagtgcttgcaccaatgtataaaggaaatgccggtattaaacgtttaaatcaagttttacaagatatttt
aaaccctaaaaagaaagacacacgagaaattgagtttggtgatgtagtctttagaaaaggtgacaaagta
ttacaacttgttaataggccaaatgataacatattcaatggtgacataggagttattgttggtatttttt
gggcgaaagaaaatgcccttaataaagatgtacttgttgtggattttgaaggtaatgaaattacatttac
gaaacaagatatgatggaattaacacatgcttattgtacatcaatccataaatcacaaggttcagaattt
cctattgttatcatgcctattgttaaacagtattttagaatgttacaaagaccgatattatatactggtt
taactagagcgaaaacgagtttagttttacttggtgatccggaagcatttgatattggattgaaaacaaa
tggtcaagcgcgtttaacacaattatgtacattgttgaaaaattattttaattcagaagatgaagaaatg
ctggaaaacacagcaactaatgatacaggagcttcacaaacgacaatagatgatcaagtagaagcgccaa
tgtcatcgaatgatagtgaagaagttatgtctgattcaacaaaaacagatacaaatgtattaacggaagc
tacaatgtttaaaattgacccaatgattaatatgggagaaatcacgccgtatgactttatagaacgttga
caacaagcgtaa
>Potential gene 58:55022..55690, 669 bp
atgatagatcaacaaacaatttatcaatacatacaaaatggaaaaatagaagaagcgttacaagcattgt
tcggaaatatcgaagaaaatcctacaattattgaaaattatattaatgctggtatcgtacttgctgatgc
gaatgagattgaaaaggcagagcgttttttccaaaaagctttaacaatagatccgaagaatggcgtcgta
ttttttaatctagcaaatgtatattataatcagcaacgttatcaagaagctattaaattatatcaacaag
cattacaaacagagattgaacaagttgattgtaattatatgatcggtatggcgtttaatcagttagaatc
atttaagctggcattgccgtatttaatgactgctgcggaactagataaagacaaagatgcagaagttcaa
tttcaatatggtcttgtattatgtcaattagaaatgtttaatgaagccataactcaacttaaacatgtat
taacgattgataaaaatcatgttgatgcaagatacaatttgggcttagcgttatttatgaaaaatgaaga
tattgatgaagcaataactcattttaaagaagctgtgactatcgaccctaaacacttattaagtcagcat
gcgctgaaaacattcactaaaatgaaagaggaggagtaa
>Potential gene 59:55882..56073, 192 bp
atgaggatagagtctgggacatcacaatgtcctaggctctacaatgttatattggcgggaccacaacata
gagaatttcgtaaagaaattctacaggcaatgccagttggggataacgaatttaattttgttaaaatatc
atttctgtcccactccctatgcatgaatctaattatgtattcttatttttaa
>Potential gene 60:56152..57237, 1086 bp
atgtcaggcggtgtagatagttctgtaacagcccacgtcttaaaagaacaaggttatgatgtcattggca
tatttatgaaaaactgggatgacactgacgaaaatggcgtatgtactgcaactgaagattacaacgatgt
tattgaagtgtgtaatcaaattggcattccgtattacgctgttaattttgaaaaagaatattgggataaa
gtctttacgtatttcttagatgaatacaaaaaaggtcgtactccaaatccagacgttatgtgtaataaag
aaattaagtttaaagcctttttagatcatgcgatgaatttaggtgcagattatgtagcaacaggacatta
cgcacgcatacatcgtcatgaagatggtcatgttgaaatgttacgtggtgtagataataataaagatcaa
acatacttcttgaatcaattatctcaacaacaactttcaaaagtgatgttcccaattggcgacatcgaaa
agagtgaagtgcgtcgaattgctgaagaacaaggacttgttactgctaagaaaaaagattctacaggcat
ttgttttatcggcgaaaaaaactttaaaacatttttatcacaatatttacctgcacaaccgggtgatatg
ataacacttgatggtaagaaaatgggtaaacatagtggtttgatgtattacacaataggacaaagacatg
gattaggtataggtggagatggcgatccttggtttgttgtcggtaaaaacctaaaagataatgttttata
tgtagaacaaggattccatcacgatgcattatacagtgattacttaattgcttcagactattcatttgta
aatccagaagataatgacttagatcaaggttttgaatgtacagctaaatttagatatcgccaaaaagata
cgaaagtttttgtgaaacgtgaaaacgaccatgcactacgtgttacttttgctgagccagtaagagcaat
cacacctggacaagcagttgttttttatcaaggtgatgtgtgtcttggtggtgcaacaattgacgatgtg
ttcaaaaatgaaggtcaattaaattatgttgtataa
>Potential gene 61:57271..58413, 1143 bp
atggaaatttatgcagattatgctgcgaccacaccagtaaaacctgaagtagtagatgcgatgatgacga
tttacaattcgcattatggtaatccatcatcaatacatgctaagggaagagatgcgcgtaaatatttaga
tgagtcaagacgtcaaattgcacaattacttggtgcagatacacatgaaattatatttacgagtggcgca
acagaatcgaataatacggcaattaaaggcatagtaaaagcaaatgaacaattgggtaatcacattatca
catcgaagattgaacatcattctgtgttacatgtttttgaacaattagagcgagaaggttttgatgtaac
atatctagatgttgatgatacaggtgctattgatttagatcaacttgaagaaacaattacagataagacg
attttagtatctattatgtttgtaaataatgaagttggcacagtgcaacaaatttatgatattcaagata
ttattgctgagacaaatgcatatttccatgttgatgcggttcaagcaattggacatcttgatgttaagtt
tgacgaatttgagatcgacgcaatgagtattactgctcataagtttggcggaccaaaaggtgtcggtgca
ttactagttaaagaccatgttacactagattatcctcaacttggcggtgaacaagaattgaaacgccgtg
caggcactgaaaatcttgcgcaaattgttgggatggctaaagcattacaattagcagaaaagaatcgaga
cgataacaatattcatttaatgaatttaaaagaacaatttttagttaaattacaagaaagagcgattcca
tttgaattaaatggttcaatgacggatgctacaggccatattgtaaatctatattttccgtttgttgaag
ttgaaacgatgttaacattgttggatatggcacaaatctatgtgtcgtctggatctgcatgtacagcagg
ctctacacaaccgtcgcatgttttagatgcaatgttcgaagatgaggagcgatcaaatcattcgattcga
tttagttttaacgaattgactactgaaaatgaaattaatgcaattgtagctgaaattcataaaatatatt
ttaaatttaaggaggagtcataa
>Potential gene 62:58725..59738, 1014 bp
atggcgattaaatattcagcattaaaccttgtccctattcgagaaggtgaagatgaacaaacagcaatta
atgatatggttaatctcgcacaacatttagacgaattatcatatgaaagatattggattgctgaacacca
taacgctcccaacctagtaagttcagcaactgctttattaattcaacatacgttagaacatacgaaacac
atacgtgtaggttctggaggcatcatgttacctaatcatgctccattaatcgttgcggaacaatttggca
cgatggcaacattatttccaaatcgtgtcgatttaggattaggacgtgcacctggaacagatatgatgac
cgcaagtgcattaagacgagatcaacatgatggtgtttataaatttccagaagaggtttcattattacaa
caatatttcggccctgctcaccaacaagcatatgttcgtgcttatccagcagtaggtaaaaatgtgcctt
tatacattcttggttcttcaacagattctgcacatttagctgctcgcaaagggcttccatatgtgttcgc
tggacattttgcacctcaacaaatgaaagaagctatcgaaatttacaaaacgttatttgaaccttctgat
gtattagacgaaccttatgttattgtatgtttaaatacaatcgttgctgaaaatgatgacgaagcacaat
atttagcttcatctatggcacaagtaatggttagtatcactcgtggcagaatgcagcccgttcaaccgcc
aacacatgaactacaaaatatattaacgccgagagaatacgcgatggctatggaaagacagaaaatatca
ttaataggttcagaaaatactgttcaacaaaaaattcaagattttatggaaacttatggtgaagtcaacg
aaattatggcaataagttatatttatgataaagatatgcaattagactcttatcgtcggttcaagaatgt
tataaatcagataaatgaaaaaaacactttataa
>Potential gene 63:60161..60343, 183 bp
atggcagacgaaagtaagttcgatcaatttaaaggaaatgttaaagaaacagtaggtaacgttactgata
acaaagaattagaaaaagaaggtcagcaagataaagtgattggtaaagcaaaagaagttgttgaaaatgc
taaaaacaaaataactgatgcaattgataaacttaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 64:60443..60865, 423 bp
atgaaaatttctactaaagggagatatggacttacattgatgatttctcttgctaaaaaagaggggcaag
gatgtatatcattaaagtcaattgctgaagaaaataatttgagtgatttatatttagaacagcttgtagg
tcctttaagaaatgcggggttaattcgaagtgtacgcggtgctaaaggtggataccaattaagagtgcca
gcggaagaaatctcagcaggggatattataagactgttagaaggtccaattacatttgttgaaagtattg
aatcagaaccacctgcgcaaaaacaactatggattcgcatgagagatgcagtgagagatgttttagataa
tacaacattgaaatatttagcggaatatgtagatacaagtgaagatttagacggatacatgttttatatt
taa
>Potential gene 65:60977..62224, 1248 bp
atgcgcccaaaaaatatagatgaaatcatttcccaacaacatttagttggaccaagaggcattatcagaa
gaatggttgatacaaaaaaattaacttcaatgattttttatggtccacctggtataggcaaaacaagtat
tgccaaagcaatttcgggcagtacgcaatataaattcagacaattgaatgctgtaactaacactaaaaaa
gatatgcaacttgttgttgaagaagctaaaatgtctggtcaagttatcttgttattagatgaaatacatc
gactagataaagctaaacaagactttttattacctcatttagaaaatggcaaaatcgtcttgatcggtgc
tacaacttcaaatccttatcatgctatcaatccagcgattcgttcaagagcgcaaattttcgagttatat
cctttaaatgacgaagatgtgcgccaagcgttaactcgtgcaatagaagatgatgagaatggtttgaaaa
catatcaacccaaaattgatgaagatgccatgacctacttttctacacaaagccaaggtgatgttcgtag
tgcgttaaatgcattggaattagctgtattaagcgcagataatgacaaagacggttatcgacatgttaca
ttgcaagatgctaaagactgtttacaaaaaggtgcatttgtaagtgacaaggatggtgacatgcattacg
atgttatgagcgctttccaaaaatctatccgtggtagcgacgtcaatgccgctttacattatttagcacg
attaattgaagctggagatttacctacaatagttcgacgattacttgtaattagctatgaggatataggc
ttagcctcacctaatgctggtcagagaacacttgctgctattgaatcagcagaacgtctaggtttaccag
aagctagaattccactaagccaagcagtaatcgaactatgcttatcacctaagtcaaattcagcaatgag
tgccattgatagtgcattgtccgatattagaaacggtcatgtgggccaaattccaaaccatttaaaagat
ggacattatcaaggtgctaaagatctaggccgatctattggttacaaatatccacaccaatatgttaatg
gctatgtttcacagcaatatttacctgataaactaaaaaacaaaatttattacgaaccaaaaacgacatc
taaaagtgaacaacaactcaaagaaatatataacaacttacttaaacaaaggccgtaa
>Potential gene 66:62385..63158, 774 bp
atgaaacatcaattttcaagaaatgaactagcgattggacaacaaggtttagatttattgaagcaacaaa
ctgttgtcatacttggcgttggaggtgttggttcatttgctgctgaagcattagcaagaacgaatattgg
tcatattatattaatagataaagatgatgttgatattacaaatgtaaacagacaattacacgctttaact
acaacggtaggacaaagtaaagtttctttgatggaagaacgtattaaattaattaatccagattgtaaag
tcacgcccttacatatgttttatacagaagagacatatgaagaaattttcgataactacgatatagatta
ttttgtagatgcaagtgatacaataatgtacaaagtacacttaatgaaagagtgtcttgaccgagggatt
aaagtgatttccagtatgggtgctgcaaataaaacagatccaacacgttttacaatttcagatatctcta
aaacacataccgatccaatggccaaaattattcgtcaaaaattgaaaaaactaggaattcgtaaagggat
tccagttgtattttcagatgaaagtccaattgtcataagagaagatgtaaaagatatagttggagataaa
aatgctatcaatcgaaaaggacaaatgccaccttcttcaaatgcctttgtgccaagtgttgttggattaa
tttgtgcaagttatgtggtgaatgacgtattaaaagatattccagttcgtcgcattaaagacaaagggca
ataa
>Potential gene 67:63619..65385, 1767 bp
atgagtaagagaacaacttattgtggattagttactgaggcatttttaggacaagaaattacattaaaag
gatgggttaacaatcgtcgtgaccttggtggattgattttcgttgatttaagagatagagaaggaattgt
acaagtcgtgtttaatcctgcattttcagaagaggcattgaaaattgctgaaacagtacgttctgaatat
gttgtagaagttcaaggtacagttacgaagcgtgaccctgaaacagttaatcctaaaattaaaactggcc
aagttgaagtacaagttacaaatattaaagtgattaataaatctgagacaccaccattttctataaatga
agaaaatgttaacgttgatgaaaatattcgattaaaataccgttatttagatttacgtcgtcaagagtta
gcgcaaacatttaaaatgagacatcaaattacacgttctattcgtcaatatttggatgatgaagggttct
ttgacatcgaaacaccagtactaacgaagtcaacacctgagggtgcacgtgactatttagtaccatctcg
tgttcatgatggtgaattttatgcattaccacaatcaccacaattatttaagcaattattgatgattagt
ggatttgacaaatactaccaaatcgtaaaatgcttccgtgacgaagatttacgtgcagatcgtcaacctg
aatttacacaagtcgatattgaaatgagttttgtagaccaagaagatgtgatgcaaatgggtgaagaaat
gcttaaaaaagttgttaaagaagttaaaggcgttgaaattaatggcgctttcccacgcatgacatataaa
gaagcgatgcgtcgctatggttctgataaaccagatacacgttttgaaatggaattaattgacgtttctc
aattaggacgtgatatggactttaaagtatttaaagatactgttgaaaatgatggtgaaattaaagcaat
tgtcgctaaaggtgcagctgaacaatatactcgtaaagatatggatgctttaacagaatttgtaaacatc
tatggtgctaaaggattagcgtgggttaaagttgtggaagatggtttgacaggtccaattggacgtttct
ttgaaacagaaaatgttgaaacattacttacattaactggtgctgaagctggtgacttagtaatgtttgt
tgcagacaaaccaaatgtcgttgcacaaagtttaggtgcattacgtgtcaaattagctaaagaattaggt
ttaatcgatgaaacaaaattaaacttcttatgggtgacagattggccattattagaatatgatgaagatg
cgaaacgttacgttgcagcacatcatccatttacatctccaaaagaagctgatattgctaagcttggcac
tgcgccagaagaagctgaggcaaatgcttatgacatagtattaaatggttatgaattaggtggcggttca
atcagaattcatgatggtgagttacaagaaaaaatgttcgaagttcttggatttactaaagaacaagcac
aagaacagttcggcttcttactagatgcatttaaatatggtgcaccaccacatggcggtattgcattagg
attagaccgattagtcatgttattgactaatagaacaaacttgagagatacaatcgcattccctaaaaca
gcatctgctacatgtttattaacgaatgcgcctggtgaagtttctgataaacaattagaagaactttctt
tgcgaattcgtcactaa
>Potential gene 68:65401..66663, 1263 bp
atgattaaaatacctagagggacgcaggatattttacctgaagattcaaagaaatggcgttacattgaaa
atcaattagatgaattaatgacattttataattataaagaaataagaacaccaatttttgaaagtacaga
tctttttgcaagaggtgttggtgattcaaccgatgtcgtacaaaaagaaatgtatacatttaaagataaa
ggcgatagaagtattacattaagacctgagggaacagctgcagttgtgcgttcatatattgaacataaaa
tgcaaggtaatccaaaccaaccaattaaactttattacaatggaccgatgtttagatatgaacgtaagca
aaaaggacgctatcgtcaatttaatcaatttggtgtagaagctattggtgctgaaaatcctagcgtagat
gcagaagtattagctatggttatgcatatttatcaatcatttggattaaaacatttaaagcttgttatta
atagtgtaggggatatggcgtctcgaaaagaatataacgaagcgttagtgaaacactttgaaccagtaat
tcatgaattttgttcagattgtcaatcacgtttgcatacaaatccgatgcgaattttggattgtaaagta
gaccgtgataaagaagcgattaagactgcacctagaatcactgatttcttaaatgaggaatctaaggcat
attatgaacaagtaaaagcttatttagatgatttaggtattccatatattgaagatcctaacttagttcg
tggattggattattatacacatacagcatttgaattaatgatggataaccctaactatgatggtgccatt
acaacgctttgtggtggtggccgttataatggtttattagaattgctagatggtccaagtgaaacaggta
ttggttttgcgctaagtatagaacgattattgcttgcacttgaagaagaaggtatcgaattagatattga
agaaaacttagatttattcattgttacaatgggtgatcaagcagatcgatatgctgtgaagctattaaat
catttgagacataatggtattaaagcagataaagactatttacagcgtaaaattaaaggacaaatgaaac
aagcagaccgtttaggtgccaagtttacaatcgttattggtgatcaagaattagaaaataataaaatcga
tgttaaaaatatgacaactggtgaatctgaaacaattgaattagacgcattagtcgaatattttaagaag
tag
>Potential gene 69:67124..67999, 876 bp
atgaaaaaaatagaggcatggttatctaaaaagggtcttaaaaataaacgtactctaatagtagtgattg
cctttgtcttatttatcatctttttatttttattgctgaatagcaatagtgaagatagtgggaacatcac
gataactgaaaatgctgaattacgtacaggtccaaacgctgcgtatccagtcatatataaagttgaaaaa
ggtgaccattttaaaaagattggtaaagtaggtaaatggattgaagttgaagatacatccagtaatgaaa
aaggttggatagctggatggcacacaaatttagatattgtcgcggataatacgaaggagaaaaatccttt
gcaaggtaaaacaatagtgcttgatcctggtcatggaggtagtgaccagggtgcttcaagcaatactaaa
tataaaagtttagaaaaagattatacgttgaaaacagcaaaagaattgcagcgtactttagaaaaagaag
gcgcaactgttaagatgacaagaacagacgatacatatgtttcactagaaaatcgtgatatcaaaggcga
tgcctatttgagtatacataatgatgcgttagaatcatctaatgcaaatggaatgacagtttattggtat
catgataatcaaagagctttagcagatacgttagacgctacgattcagaagaaaggtctactttctaatc
gcggttcaagacaagaaaattatcaagtgttaagacaaacaaaagttcctgctgttttattagaattagg
ttatattagtaacccaactgatgaaacgatgattaaagatcaattacatagacaaattttagaacaagca
attgttgatggccttaaaatttatttttctgcgtag
>Potential gene 70:67987..68448, 462 bp
atgaaagtagttgtacaaagagttaaagaagcatcggtgacgaatgatacattaaataatcaaatcaaaa
aaggatattgtttattagtcggtatcggtcagaactctacagagcaagatgcagatgtaattgcaaagaa
aattgctaatgcaagattatttgaagatgacaataataaattaaactttaatatccaacaaatgaatggt
gaaatactatcagtttcacaatttactctctatgcagatgtaaaaaaaggtaaccgtccaggtttctcaa
attctaaaaatcctgatcaagcggtaaaaatttatgagtattttaatgatgcgctacgagcgtatggtct
tactgtgaaaacaggtgaatttggaacacacatgaatgttagcataaataatgatggtccagtcactatt
atttatgaaagtcaggacggcaaaattcaatgaaaaaaatag
>Potential gene 71:68460..70670, 2211 bp
atgaatggggtgtatcatataatgaacaacgaatatccatatagtgcagacgaagttcttcacaaagcaa
aatcatatttgtcagcagatgaatatgagtatgttttaaaaagctatcatattgcttatgaagcacataa
aggtcagttccgaaaaaacggattaccatacattatgcatcctatacaagttgcaggtattttaacagaa
atgcgattagacggaccgacgattgtcgcaggttttttgcatgatgtaattgaagatacaccgtatacat
ttgaagatgtaaaagaaatgttcaatgaagaagttgctcgaattgttgatggtgtgacgaagcttaaaaa
agtaaaataccgctcaaaagaagaacaacaagctgaaaatcatcgcaagttatttattgcgattgccaaa
gatgtacgcgtaattttggtgaaattagcagacagattacataatatgcgtaccttgaaagccatgccgc
gcgaaaaacaaattagaatttctcgagaaacattagaaatttatgcaccattagcacatcgtcttggtat
taatacaatcaaatgggaactagaagatacggctcttcgttatattgataatgtgcaatattttagaata
gtcaatttaatgaagaagaaacgtagtgaacgtgaagcgtatatcgaaacggctattgatagaatacgta
ctgaaatggaccgaatgaatatcgaaggcgatataaatggtagacctaaacatatttacagtatttatcg
gaaaatgatgaagcagaaaaaacaatttgatcaaatttttgatttgttggcgatacgtgttattgtcaat
tctattaatgattgttatgcgatacttgggttggtgcatacgttatggaaaccgatgccaggacgtttta
aagattatattgcaatgcctaaacaaaatttgtatcagtcattgcatactacagtagtaggcccaaatgg
agacccgctcgaaatccaaatacgaacgtttgatatgcacgaaattgctgagcatggtgttgcagcacac
tgggcttacaaagaaggtaaaaaagtaagtgaaaaagatcaaacttatcaaaataagttaaattggttaa
aagaattagctgaagcggatcatacatcgtctgacgctcaagaatttatggaaaccttaaaatatgactt
acagagtgacaaagtatacgcatttaccccagcgagtgatgttattgagttgccatatggtgctgtgccg
attgattttgcttatgcgattcacagtgaagtaggtaataagatgattggtgccaaggtgaatggcaaaa
ttgtaccaattgactatattttacaaacaggcgatattgttgaaatacgtactagtaaacattcatatgg
accaagtcgtgattggttgaaaattgttaaatcgtctagtgccaaaggtaaaattaaaagtttcttcaaa
aaacaagatcgttcatctaatattgaaaaaggccgaatgatggttgaagctgaaataaaagagcaaggat
ttagagtcgaagatattttgacagagaaaaatattcaggttgttaatgaaaaatataactttgcaaatga
agatgatttattcgcagctgtaggatttggcggcgtgacatccttacagattgttaataaattaactgaa
agacaacgtattttagataaacaacgtgctttaaatgaagcacaagaagttacgaaatcattgcctatta
aagacaacatcattactgatagtggtgtctatgtagaaggtttagaaaatgtacttatcaagttgtcaaa
atgttgtaatcctataccaggtgatgatattgtaggttatatcaccaaaggtcacggtattaaagtacat
cgcactgattgcccaaatattaagaacgaaactgaacgactaattaatgttgaatgggtaaaatcaaaag
acgcaactcaaaaatatcaggttgatttagaggtaactgcgtatgaccgaaatggcttgttgaatgaagt
actacaagctgttagctcgacagccggcaatttaattaaagtttcaggacgttcagatattgataaaaat
gcaataataaatattagtgtcatggtgaaaaacgtgaatgatgtttatcgtgtggtagaaaagatcaaac
aacttggtgatgtttatacagtaacaagagtttggaactag
>Potential gene 72:70761..70949, 189 bp
atgattgagcattataccttaataacatcgtttatttatttcataaattgtagtatcatagaactaatat
ttaaaaaatgaaacagtagatttaggtcgaatttttgtaaaagttttaaaagtaggaatagtatacaaat
taaactcgctcaagtaaaattaatattacgattaatgacgacaggataa
>Potential gene 73:71077..71595, 519 bp
atggatttaaagcaatacgtatcagaagttcaagattggccgaaaccaggtgttagtttcaaggatatta
ctacaattatggataatggtgaagcatatggctatgcaacagataaaattgtagaatacgcaaaagacag
agatgttgatatcgttgtaggacctgaagcgcgtggctttatcattggctgtcctgtagcttattcaatg
gggattggctttgcacctgttagaaaagaagggaaattacctcgtgaagtcattcgttatgagtatgacc
tagaatatggtacaaatgttttaacaatgcacaaagatgcaattaaaccaggtcaacgtgtgttaattac
agatgatttattagctactggtggtacgattgaagcagcaataaaattagttgaaaaattaggcggtatc
gtagtaggtattgcatttataattgaattgaaatatttaaatggtattgaaaaaattaaagattacgatg
ttatgagtttaatctcatacgacgaataa
>Potential gene 74:71608..73890, 2283 bp
atgattaaaccgaagtataagtggaaattaactaaaccagctgaatacataagtgatgaattaacatcaa
aattaaagttaacgccaatcgtaaaaaaaatattagaaagtaaatcgattattgatgaacaagcaataga
atccatcatttcagatacagatatcaatcatgatgcactgcaattgagcgatatgactaagactattgaa
agaattaaaagagcgatagcgaatgatgagaaaatcctagtttatggtgattacgatgccgacggtgtta
ccgcaactacaattttagtgataacattacaacttttaggtgcacaagtaggatggcatattcctaaccg
ctttaccgaaggatatggaccaaacgaactagcatttagaaatgctcatgatgaaggcataacattaatc
ataactgttgataatggcatacaaggtcataatgaaattaaaatggttcaagatttaggagttgatgtca
ttgtaactgatcatcatgaaattggtagtacattaccagaagcatatgcaatcgtacatccaatgcatcc
atcgtttaattatccgttccaacaattgtgtggtgcaggtgttgcatacaaattagcacaagcattgatt
gaaaatgtacctgattattttaaagcattagttgcgataggtaccattgcggatttagtatccttaactg
atgaaaatcgatcattagtgaaacaaggattaaaagtcttaaatgatcaatgtccgacctctgttaaagc
attgctaaaagaagcgggatacaatgacaatattgatgaagaaacaattggttttattattggacctaga
cttaatgctgtaggtcgtttagatgacgcatcattagcttgcgaattgttgatgactgacgtcgaagaag
aagctgcatttttagcagaacaagttgaacattttaaccgtgaaagaaaagatattgtagcaactatcac
agaagaagcaatggctatggcagaaacgaaagttaaaaagggagatttatttttacttttagcaaaagaa
aattggcatgaaggtgtcttaggtattgttgcttcgaaaattgtcgaaacatttgctttgccaacattaa
ttttaaatattgatagggagcaaaatcatgcaaaaggctccgccagatcaattgatcaagtgtcgatgtt
tgaaatactatcagcacatcaagagttaatcgctaaatttggcggccatcatatggctgcaggtatgacg
atggatattgaaaatatagaatcgttagctgaaggtttaaataaatggatgaaagaattatctaaaacaa
cttcgttagatcccgtaaagcaagtagatgtattattaacagaaaatgatataacgattaaaaatattcg
tgatatgaatcgtttaagacccttcggaacagatttttctagacctatttttgaaatggatgatttatca
gtttcttcagttaaggcgataggtcaacaaaaaaatcatctaaaattgacacttggtgaaagtaatatcg
ccgcgctattttggcaaaatggacacttagaacctgagttacaagatgaacagccaattaatatattagg
atctgttcaaatcaacgaatggaatggtaatcaatcaccgcaaataattattcaagatattgcgatgaat
gaacagcaaatattagattatagaagtaagcgaaaaagtttaccttttacagaaaatgatgaaaatattg
tcgtgcttattcatcctaaaagtgataaagtaaatgcgaatgaatattattatggtgaagaaattaaaca
acaaactgataaagtagtattaagagatttaccaacgtcaatggaagacttgtctaattccttgcaacaa
ctgcaattttctcaactttatatagttttgcaacataatcattcgatttacttcgatggtatacctaata
tggatatttttaaaaagtgttataaagcattaataactaaacaagaaacaaatatccagaaagagggtat
gttattgtgtcaacatttaagtgtgaaaccagatacacttaaattcatgttgaaagttttcttagactta
aaatttgtaacacaagaagatggtttaattcgaatcaatcaacaacctgataaaagatcgattgattcca
gcaaagtatatcaattaagacaacaacgtatggatgttgaaaagcaattattatatcaagatttttcaga
aataaaaaattggataaagtcacaattgtcgtgagcaatttag
>Potential gene 75:74093..75856, 1764 bp
atggttgtttggttagatttcaaaaaaggtgacagctataaaaaagaagcacaaaagaaaaaccctaaat
ttatttctgcagcaagtgttgatcaaccaatcaattctgatagcgtagaaatctcgggtggatttaaagg
acaagaaggcgttaaaaaagcaaaacaaatcgccgaattgttaaatgcaggttctttaccagttgacttg
aaagaaatttattcaaactcagtaggtgcccaatttggtcaagatgcattagataaaactgtgtttgcat
cgtttattggtgtagcattaatttatttattcatgcttggattctaccgattacctggtttagtagcgat
tattgcattgacaacttatatctatctaacgttagtagcatttaatttcatttccggggttctaacttta
ccaggattagcggcgttggtattaggtgtaggtatggctgtagatgccaatattatcatgtatgagcgta
ttaaggatgaacttcgaataggtagaacgataaagcaagccttttctaaagcaaacaaaagttcattcct
aacaatttttgattctaacttaacaacagttatcgccgcagcagtattattcttcttcggtgaaagttca
gttaaaggtttcgcgacaatgttattattaggtattctaatgatctttgttacagccgtgttcttatcaa
gattcttattatcattacttgtttcatcaaatatattcaaaaatcaattttggttatttggtgttaaaaa
gaataaacgacatgatattaatgaaggtgtagatgttcatgaccttaaaacttcattcgagaaatggaat
tttgttaaattagctaagccattaattggagtaagtattttaattgtagttgtcggtttagttattcttt
atatcttcaagttaaacttaggaattgatttctcaagtggtacacgcgtagatttccaatctaaacaagc
aattactcaacaaaaggtagagcaagttgtaaaagatagtggacttaaagcggatcaaattcagatcaat
ggtaaagacaataaagtagcaactgttcaatttaaagacgatttaacgcgtgctcaagataataaattga
gtgataatattaaatcgaaattcggtgacacacctcaaattaacactgtatcaccaattattggacagga
attagcaaaaaatgcaatgcttgcattaatctatgcatcgataggtatcatcatctatgtatcattacga
tttgaatggcgcatgggtctttcatctgtattggcattattacatgatgtattcattatagtagcgattt
tcagtttatttagaattgaagtagatttaacatttatcgccgctgtattaacaattgtcggttattcaat
taatgatacaatcgtaacgtttgaccgtgtacgtgaaaacttacaaaaggttaaagtgattacgacaaca
gaacaaattgatgatatcgttaatagatcaattagacagacaatgacacgttcaattaatacagtattaa
cagttattgtagtagtagttgctatactattcttcggtgctcctacgatattcaactttactttagcatt
atttatcggattgatttctggtgtattctcttcaatcttcattgccgttccgctatggggaataatgaaa
aaacgtcagttgaaaaaatcgccgaaacacaaattagttgtatataaagaaaagaaatcgaacgatgaaa
agattttagtttaa
