
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:780..959, 180 bp
atggataaaaatgataaagttaaaaaatctaaaattgctaaagaatcagtagctaatcaagagaaaaaac
gagcagaattaccaaaaacaggtttagaaagcacgcaaaaaggtttgatctttagtagtataattggaat
tgctggattaatgttattggctcgtagaagaaagaattaa
>Potential gene 2:1004..1174, 171 bp
atgactactcagaggttatattctactaattatgattatattaaatatgaaaatattatcaaaaaaatca
aatttataacaaaaatacaccccttaaagttaggtctttcaatccaacttttggggtgtatatcattctc
atcatattctaggttgtttttaacaaactaa
>Potential gene 3:1343..2536, 1194 bp
atgttgtatttagaagttttgaaaaatagaaactttacatatttattgattggtaatttcttacgtcgga
gttgttttgtgctgttttcgttacaaataatttggtttactgttgaattgacaaaccaatcatctttaaa
attatcaatgatggttatgagtcaaacacttccatttattatatttggtattttcggtggcgcatattct
gataaacataataaaaagaaaatactttatctatctgatcttatactaagtttgattataataattattc
ctttacttgcaataacatcaaatttaaattatctgacgcttctaaccatatctacagctatcaccattat
taactgctatacggatcctgcgtttagggcaattcttcctgaaattattgatgaggagcatttagcaaca
agtaatgcgttaatcgatagtttgcaaagaggctcaaatattattttacctgctttaattggtgtcattg
taatactagttggtaatgttggcgtcttttttatttgtagtatattgctatttttaggatttatttttaa
tgcacttttaaaatatacaaataacaacatgattgatagacactcaaaagaagatttttctgaaacttgg
gaattcttgaaacaatctaaagaaattccatttattataatcatccaatttgcctgcatattgattaata
ctggcctttggcgtgttgtattaccattgtttatttccaatatattaaaagagggcgttggtgtatatgg
actagctacatcatgtttaggtatagcatctttattaatgtcattgattatgggtttgctgtcagaaaag
cgattaatctttaaatttagtattggtgttttagtttggggaattggcttatcgattattaatgtgtttc
caagtgtggcgatattatatataggtgcaacattattgggacttggacaatctatagagggactaacaag
atcagttgccattcaaataaaaacgccaaatcatttgatggggaaagtatttagtatctcatctacatcg
aattatgcagcggatacattgtctttaggactgataagtataattatacctttactaagcttaagtaata
tatttatattaggaggtgtaattatttcaatacttagcttagctgggttaaagtttgttaagaagtctat
gtaa
>Potential gene 4:2580..2882, 303 bp
atgaaatataaaattagtttggcttataatttagcaattataatagggtcgctaattatattatgtatac
taatatctagaggttatgatatttatgtaatcttgattccaattttgactattttagctagtttaatcaa
tttgttttgtgatattaaaaagcataaatgattctatattaatgcaactttgtattcgtacaaggttgta
tttttttcgcaaacaattacttactgacagcgcatcaataaatctaaccaacacactatcacaaacattt
atgggtattttgtaattttataa
>Potential gene 5:2858..3166, 309 bp
atgaccgtcaacatcgtatttagtatcgtattctgcataagtatggttatattaggcatttatgtcgcaa
taactaaagatttcacactaatctcttttataaatcaaacggccattgcagataaacacaagaaccaaat
tgcatatatatttacgctatgtataagtttgagtgcagtatttttaatgtcttcaattctaagctttgaa
tatgattttattgcattagcattcttatttttaacgatagcattattacttatcgcattattctacgttt
gcttttataaaattacaaaatacccataa
>Potential gene 6:3310..3576, 267 bp
atgaaaggctctaaacaaatacttttgattatgggcattatatctcttattgttttatttatttttacac
tattcatcatggcgcaatatgcaaaacattatgaacaaaaatccgacagttccaacgcacatactttaaa
ttcatcatcagccataattgagcaacatactatgtcgaatttagcgtctctagatttatacgctcctgtt
cgtaacattacttctagtcgtgatattcatcccatttatttcatgacaaaagattaa
>Potential gene 7:3860..5668, 1809 bp
atgcattttcatacacatctattatataatacttgtgaaaagtattgtcttggggctgtgtttttttact
tttggggcgtatttctttataattcattacataaatgtaagggctttagttttcatgttttattaagtct
aactgagattttgaaaggatgtttagcaacaatggataaagaattatggatagaacgagctaatgatagt
ttagttaaacatttttatgagcagcaatctgacattgaacagcgagaaggttttgaaagtaaattaacat
ttggtactgcgggtatacgcggaaaattcggtcttggtgaaggtcgacttaataagtttactattgaaaa
attggcattaggtttagcgcgttatttaaatgcccaaacaaacagtccaacaatagtcattcattatgat
attagacatctttcaactgaattcgcccaaataattgctaatgtattagcaaaccatcaaataacagttt
atttacctgatacatataaaacgacaccggaattatcgttcgcggtgcgcaatcttaatactactgctgg
cattatgattacagcaagtcataatccgaaagactataacggcatcaaagtatatggttctgatggtgcg
caattatcgactgatgcatctgagcttgcaagtcgttatatcgaagaagttggcgatccattacagattg
atatacctatttctaaacaaaatacatcttatatcaagccttttccgaaatctgtaactgatgactatat
gaaacacattcaaaatatgattggctatattcctaaatctgatttacaagttgtgttcactagtttgcat
ggtacaagtgttccgattgtacctgagttattacaatctttgaatttcaatcaatttaatcttgtagaag
cacaatgtaaacctgatccgaatttcagctcagttcaaagtgctaatcctgaagatcatcgcgcttttga
tcaagcagtcgaacttgcaaataaaagtcatgcagacttattaatatcaactgaccctgatgcagatcga
cttggtattgctgaacgtgatgcacacggtcatatcacatattttaatggcaaccaaattggtgcgctgt
tacttaattatcgtattcaacaaacgtctcaattacgtcaccgcttaatgattcaatctattgtaagtag
tgagttaacaaagtcattagcacgctataataatgttgaatacaaagaggtgctgacgggctttaaattt
attgctcaggaaataagacaactggatgatcatcaaaatatgattttcgcatttgaagagagttacggtt
ttctatcagagccttttgtacgtgataaagatgccgtacaaattgtgccactcattataaaatacgcttc
tgagttaaaattatatggcaaaacattgaaagatgaattagaacagatttatcaaactgttggtagacat
gaggatacattattctcgcatacgctagaaggatttgaagggaaaaagaaaattaatgcaataatgacca
aattccgttcaaatccaccgcaagagattcaaggactcaaagtgaaagcaattgaagattatttaactag
cgaggtttatcatttggataaagatacaacgtcgcagattaattctcctaaatcaaatgttattcgtgtc
ttatttgacgaaggatttatcgctttacgtccttctggtactgaacctaaaattaaattatatgtgtcgt
taaaatgtccgaattttgatgatgtagctcaaaaaattaatgcgatgatttttagctaa
>Potential gene 8:5758..6177, 420 bp
atgattttaaattgaagggtgagtcttatgaaaaaagtaatcaatgtagtaggagctattattttttctg
ataacaaaattctttgtgcacagagaagtgaaaaaatgagtctgcctttaatgtgggaatttcctggcgg
taaggttgaaaagaatgaaactgaaaaagacgctttgattagagaaattagagaagaaatgaaatgtgat
ttaattgttggagacaaagttataactacagaacatgaatatgattttggaattgttaggttaacaacat
acaaatgtactttaaacaaagagttaccaactctaactgaacataagagtattgaatggttgtcaataaa
cgaacttgataaattaaattgggccccagcggatataccagccgttaataaaattatgactgagggataa

>Potential gene 9:6179..9040, 2862 bp
atgagtagattactaaatgatttcaatcaatctttacataaagggtttatagacaaacatatttctcata
aagggaattatacaccgaagcttttagtaaataataaaaatgaaaaagttctttcaacaattatagatga
acttcaaaaatgtgaaacgttttatttttctgtggcttttataacagaaagcggtttagccagcttaaag
gctcaactattagatttaagcaataagggtgttaaagggaaaatattaacatctaattacttagggttta
atagtcctaaaatgtatggagaattacttaaattaaaaaatgtagaggtaagattaactgatattgctgg
attccatgccaaaggatatatttttgagcataaggattatagttctatggtaataggaagctctaattta
acatctaatgcgttaaaggttaattatgagcataatgttttactgtctactatgaaaaatggcgatttag
ttgatagtgtaaaaagtgaatttgacttgttatggcaaaagagtaccccactgactgagcaatggattaa
ttcatataaagaatcatttgagtaccgttccttagaaaaattagcggaggttgaacaaactcaaatgctg
ctagctgataaggtgaaaaaatcagtggaaattgtacccaatttaatgcaagcagaagcattaaggtcat
taaaagctattagggataaagccaaagataaggcgttaataatatctgcaactggtacaggtaaaacgat
tttatgtgcattagatgttagagaagtaaaccctaataaatttttatttattgttcataatgaggggatt
ttaaatagagctaaggaagaatttaaaaaagtattacctataaaaaatgatagtgattttggattgttga
caggaaaacatagagatgtcgatgccaaatatttatttgcaaccattcaaacattatctagagatgataa
ttttaagcaatttgatgaaaatgaatttgattatattgtttttgatgaagcacatcgttctgctgcatct
acttatcaacgagtatttaactacttcaaacctaagttcatgctgggaatgactgctacaccagaaagat
cagatgaattaagtatatttgaactgtttgattataatattgcatatgaaataaggttacaagcagcatt
agaaagtgatattttatgtccatttcattattttggtgtgactgattatgtacatcaaggtattaaagaa
gatgatgtaactaaactgagatatttaacttctgatgaaagagttaattatattattcaaaagacagatt
actatggatattcaggtgaaattttacaaggattgatttttgtaagtagcaaaaaagaagcttatgattt
agcggataaactaagttcaaaagggattaaaagtgttgctttaacaggagatgatagtgttaattatcgc
caaattgtaatagaaaaattaaaagaaggtaagattaactatattataactgtagatctttttaacgaag
gtattgatattccagaagtcaatcaagttgtaatgttgagaccaacagagtctagtattatattcattca
gcaacttggtagaggattaagaaaaagttcaaataaagagtatgttacagtaattgattttattggtaat
tataagacaaattatttaattccgattgcgctttctggggatcaatcgcaaaataaagataattataaga
agtttttaacgaataacgattcgattaatggagtatctacaattaattttgaagaagttgctaaaaaaca
gatttacaattcattggatgcagtatcattaaatcaaaataaattaatattaaaagcttatgaagaagtt
gaaaatagattgggacacatgccgttactaatggatttcatacaacaacattctatagatccaagcgtta
tattttctaaatttagtaattattacgagttcttagtgagatataaaaaaatagatacattattgacgga
aaatgaatctaaaaatctggttttcttttcaaggcaaatagcacctggattgaaaagaatcgatagttta
gttttagaagaacttttaaaaaatgaattaacatatgatgaattaaaaaataaaatgttgaacgaagtta
aggatataacagaagatgatatagatacttcattaagaattttagatttttcattttacaacgcaggaat
tgaaaaaatctatggaagtcccattatagaacgtaatgaaagaatgataagactaagcgatgcatttact
aatgctctaagtaatcaaacatttaatatgtttttagaagatcttattgaattatcaaagtataacaatg
aaaaataccaaaaaggtaaaaatggactgattttatataataaatattcaagagaagattttagtaaaat
atttaattggaataaaaatggttcgtctgtaatcatgggatacatgataaaaagccaagaaatgccaata
tttatcacttatgataagcatgaggatataagtgatagcacaaaatatgaagatgaatttttaagtcaag
atgaattaaaatggtttactaaatctaatagaacgctagaatcaaaagaagttcagaaaattttgtccca
tagagcaaaaggaattaaaatgtatatttttgtacagaaaaaagatgatgatggtatatatttttattat
ttaggaactgctggatatatagaaggttcagaaaagcaagataaaatgccgaatggttcaaacgtagtaa
cgatggatttagcactggataaagctgtaagagatgatatatatcgttatctaacaaattaa
>Potential gene 10:9343..10119, 777 bp
atgatgattcactcaaaaaggttgaggctctggctgtatttagtattattagctgtttttataggggctt
gcggaatgaaaaaggaagaaagcagtaaagataaacaaattaaagaaaacttcaacaaaacgttgagcct
gtatccaactaaaaatcttgaagacttttatgataaggaaggctttcgagatcaagagtttgaaaagggc
gacaaaggcacttggataattcactctaaaatgacaatagaaacaaatggaaagaatatggaatccagag
gattggtcctgtatgtagaccgcaataccagaacgacaaaaggtgaatttattgtgagggaattatggga
agataaaaaaggatactcacgtagtaaagaaaaagaatatccagtaaaaatggaacataataaaattatc
ccaaccaaaccgatagctgatgataaattaagaaaagaaatcgaaaactttaaattctttgtacaatacg
gtgactttaaagatattaatgattataaagatggtgacatttcatataatccgaatgtgccaagttattc
agcaaagtatcaattaagtaatgatgactacaatgtgaagcaacttagaaagaggtatgatataccaact
aagaaagcacctaaattattaataaaaggcgatggtgatttaaaaggatcatctataggacacaaaaatt
tagagtttacatttatagaaaataaagaagaaaacatctattttacggatagtattaatttcaaacctac
tgaatag
>Potential gene 11:10228..10677, 450 bp
atgatgattcattcaaagaaattaacgctcggtatatgtttggtattactcattatattgattggaggtt
gtgtcattatgacaaaaacaaatggtcgaaacgctcaaattaaagaaaatttcaacaaaacattaagtgt
atatccaaccaagaatctcgatgatttttacgataaggaaggttttcgagatcaagaatttgataaaaga
gataaagggacttggattatttattctgaaatggttatcgaaccaaaagggaaaaatatggaatcgagag
gaatggtgctctatatcaatcgcaatactagaacaacgaagggtaattttattgtcaccgaaataactga
agatagtaaaggatattcacgtagtaaagaaaaaaatatcctgtcaagatggaaaataatcgaattattc
caacaaagcctataccggatgacaagttaa
>Potential gene 12:10626..11036, 411 bp
atggaaaataatcgaattattccaacaaagcctataccggatgacaagttaaaaaaagagattgaaaact
ttaagttctttgtacaatatggaaattttaaagattttaaagattataaaaatggtgatatttcatataa
tcctaatgtgccaagttattctgcaaagtatcaattgaataatgatgactataatgttcaacagttaaga
aaacgatatcatattccaaccaaacaagcgcccgaattaaaattgaaaggatccggcaatttaaaaggct
catccgtaggatctaaggatctagaatttacgtttgtagaaaatcaagaagagaatatctatttttcaga
ttcggtcgaatttacacctagcgaggatgataaatcatgagtcaaacggaatatcaaataa
>Potential gene 13:11012..12124, 1113 bp
atgagtcaaacggaatatcaaataaaatctggcaatataaaaggtaactctgaagaaacaagtacagtat
ctaatataagttatgaaatagaaaacgcaaataacagtggtttaaaacaaaataaaattgataaacaaat
taaaaagttacaagaaaaaaataaattccctaaaaatctttcatatcttaaaagttatacggaccccaaa
acaggcacgactacaagcgcctttttaaataaagacactggcaaagttactttaggtatgacaggtacta
atgtacacaaagacgcaatattaaaacaaacatttggtgttccttcttatcaaggatatatagatgtgag
tgaaacgctaaaggatattggggccgatgtcaatattggccttcattccgtcacagataaagatccacat
tataaaaatacccaagactttatcaaaaatatcaaaaaagactatgatattgatattattaccggacatt
cgctgggcggtagagatgcgatgattttaggtatgagtaatgatattaaacatatcgttgtgtataatcc
agctccattagcgatcaaagatgtgagcggcctttatgccgatcaagaagaacttaaaaaattgattgaa
aagtacgatggtcacattgtaagatttgtgtctgatgaagacgaattagatgcaggtgtccgcaatcatt
tatatgaaactgctggagaaaaaatagtacttaaaaatggagaaggccatgcaatgagtggtattttaat
gagcagaacacaggctataatcttagctgaattaaacaaagttaaaggctaccaagacgaaaataataaa
gcattaaaatccgttcgtaaacaaacgaggcatagattacataaagtagagacgttaagagcgaattgga
ttcaaacaacgggtggatcactctcttcctcccaacaacaattattagaagctttaacagcactaaccat
tgccgaaggcttaaatcaattagtgaatgaagaaagccaacatttgaaaaaatgtatcacgcgatggcac
ataaatttggagacaactggaaaaaagcgcaagaagttggaaatgaaattggtgaaaaattaa
>Potential gene 14:12336..12662, 327 bp
atgtttactacgtataaaaatattaatgaacttgaaaatgcctatgatgaagaaagaaaacaattgaatg
atgcattcaatcaaattgatgaattaagacatcaaacacgcaagaaatgtgaacaaatgtatgatcattt
cttatatctcaaacataaaatgaattatagtgaagacgctatgatcaggatgacacgtattatagaatct
ttcgatagagaaacgaatcaacgtatccgacatcacgaaatgaaattagaagattataaagatgagttaa
gaagagaatatctaaaacaatctgacagaattgaaggagatgaataa
>Potential gene 15:12713..12952, 240 bp
atgaaggaaaaagaacagattagtgaggttattgcgcctgaacatgttcgtatgcatcatgatcatcaaa
ataagctgaaaagtgatgagaaaatattacttgaccaaatggtaagtcatttcaaaaaatttgaagatga
ttttaaaaatgcggcacaaggggcttgggtgaaaaatgccacagacgaattaaaagatattagtaatgat
ttagaaaaaattcaagatattaaagtataa
>Potential gene 16:13485..14303, 819 bp
atgatgattcattcaaagaaattaacgctcggtatatgcttggtattactcattatattgattgtaggtt
atgtcattatgacaaaaacaaatggtcgaaacgcccaaattaaagacacatttaatcaaacattaaaatt
atatccaaccaaaaatctcgatgatttttacgataaagaaggctttcgagatcaagaatttaaaaagggt
gataaaggtacttggatagttaattctgaaatggtaatcgagccaaaaggtaaggatatggaaacgagag
gaatggtgctctatatcaatcgcaatactagaaccacaaaagggtattattttataagtgaaatgacaga
tgacagtaacggcagaccaaaggatgatgaaaaaaggtatccggtaaaaatggaacataataaaatcata
ccaacgaagccactaccgaatgacaagttaaaaaaagagattgaaaactttaagttctttgtacaatatg
gcaactttaaagatattaatgattataaagatggtgatatttcatataatcctaatgtaccaagttattc
ggcaaaatatcaattgaataatgatgattataatgtccaacagttaagaaaaagatatgatattccaacc
aaacaagcgccgaaactattattgaaaggcgatggagatttaaaaggttcatccgtaggttctagaagtc
ttgaatttacctttgtcgaaaataaagaagaaaacatttattttacagattctgtacaatatactccaag
tgaggatacaaggtatgagtcaaactgaatatcaaataaaacctggtaa
>Potential gene 17:14837..15034, 198 bp
atgattatgagaaaagagattgaagcgcttattttctcagacgtaagtagctatgatatttacgtgaaca
ctggtgtaaatcaaggattaattggtgacatcaaagatggttacctaactattgattctatgccttacat
tgatgctgagcgtttgtatcactttgctatggaacgtaaatcgttagtcactaactag
>Potential gene 18:15173..15358, 186 bp
atgttgtatattcttataacggcattaaacgtaattttaaacaagttgaaaatgaaggattctaatatca
tttcgtttatatatagcagacatgatagaattttatatgtaaatcttgtaggtaatcgttttaaaaataa
tataagtatgactaaagccacatccaatataggacgtggcttttag
>Potential gene 19:15294..15473, 180 bp
atgtctcttgcagaaagacaaaaagctgaaaaagcatttcgacacgaagttaaaaatatggacgatgtaa
gaatgcccttctcaagtgtccatgacgcccaagtaaaattatataatgttgtatattcttataacggcat
taaacgtaattttaaacaagttgaaaatgaaggattctaa
>Potential gene 20:15864..16559, 696 bp
atgacagtattaacagataaagtagcagtagttacaggtgcaggtagtggtattggagaagcaattgcaa
cattactacatgaagaaggggcaaaagttgtcttagcaggtagaaataaagaaaaattacaaaacgtagc
gaatcaattgtcacaagatagtgtgaaggtagtgccaacagatgtaacgaataaagaagaagtcgatgaa
ttgataaaaattgcacaacaaacattcggtggtttggatattgttatcaatagtgcggggcaaatgttgt
cgtctaagattactgattatcaagtagatgagtgggatagtatgattgatgtgaatatcaaaggcacttt
atatacggcacaggctgcattaccaactatgttagaacaatcaagtggccatcttattaacattgcatct
atttctggctttgaagtaacgaaaagtagtacgatttatagtgcgacgaaagcagcagttcacactatta
ctcaaggattagaaaaagagttggcaaagacaggcgttaaagtaacaagcatttctccaggaatggtaga
tacagccataactgccgcatacaatccaacagatcgtaaaaaacttgaaccacaagatattgcagaagca
gtattatatgcattaacacaaccaaagcacgttaacgtgaatgaaattacagtgcgtcctgtataa
>Potential gene 21:16747..17232, 486 bp
atgttcataattatagattataaaaattttttcattttccaccacattttaggagttactttaatgaaca
aaaaacatgtttttataattattggtgtcattttatgtatatgtatagttgcatcagtcatttatttaaa
agtgaaatatgacgaaaaagaaaaacaaaaagcaatatactataaagaacaacaggagcgtattacactc
tatcttaagcataatactaaagaacccaataccatcaaaactgtacatttcacaagtttaaaaagaggac
ctatgggcgatgcagtaattgaaggttacataaatgaaaataaagaagatgattttgttgcatatgggtc
tccagaacataattatcaatttggtggaagtttaatcaaaagtaaaaatttaagcacgttattaaaacca
gtacatcaaaccaaatcacctgatgagataaaaaaggaattagagtctaaaaagaacgaccgctaa
>Potential gene 22:17324..17545, 222 bp
atgattaacataatactagttaatattaaaattttctttttcgacatctatcaccagctcctaaaatgtg
gtggaattttatacagtttacatatttatgatactacaaaacacactcttacaaagaaaatctataattt
taatctaggtcaaggaaaagcagccaaaagtgtttatataagatcaacgaaatattgcgggtataaagtg
gttaacagataa
>Potential gene 23:17499..17918, 420 bp
atgtcgaaaaagaaaattttaatattaactagtattatgttaatcatattaattagtgttgcaggtatct
atttaaaagtgaaatatgacgaaaaagaaaaacaaaaagcaatatactataaagaacaacaagcgcgcat
tacactttatctcaagcataacactaaagaaccgaatacaatcaaatctgtacatttcacaaactcggaa
acaagtcctatgggaagtgctgtgattgaaggttacataaatgaaaacaaaaaagataattttactgctt
atgctacaccagaacataattatcaatttggtggtgctatgatagaaagtgaaaaattaagcgagttact
aaagccagccaatcagttaaaatcaccagatgatataaaaaaagaactaaataaaaagaagagtcactaa

>Potential gene 24:17936..18355, 420 bp
atgtccaaaaaacatgtttttataattattggtgtcatattgtgtatatgtacagtttctacggtcatgc
attttaaaatgaaatatgatgaaaaagaaaaacaaaaagcgatttactacaaagaacaacaagaacgtat
tacactctatcttaagcataatactaaagaaacgaacacgattaaatctgtacatttcacaaacttggaa
acaagtcctatgggaagtgctgtgattgaaggatacatcaatgaaaataaagaagatgattttactgctt
atgcatcgcctgaacataattatcaatttggtggcgctatgataaaaagtgaaggagtagataaattatt
aaaaccagcacatgaaagaaaatcaccagaaaaaatcaaagaagaattagataaaaaagaaggccactag

>Potential gene 25:18717..19229, 513 bp
atgttatacagaatttcaaattctatccaatattgttcgaagtgtagtatcactggattggtattaaaca
atgtaaaggagagattgcaaatgccgtataattacaagaaacaaaatggagagttaatgtctgtaatgag
ccaaggtgaaaagtttattcatcaatcacccgttaatgatgaacttagtgcattgattaagttattaatt
tctaaaattaacggttgtcattattgtgttgatatccataaaaaagaattaaaggaattgggtgtaacac
aaatgaaaattgatgaagtcttgagttttagacatttagatttatttactgatcaagaaaaagtgacgct
tgaatttgcagaaatgttaaattcaatcaaagactttaagaagtttgaaattattgaccggctaaaatca
ttttatgatgaagaacaaattattgatcttgtctttgttgtaaaccaaattaacggttggaacagattaa
atattattagtgatagactataa
>Potential gene 26:19341..20879, 1539 bp
atgacatcaaaacatcaacaaaaggggtctatcgtcaatcgtttcttgaatagtgttgaaaaaatcggaa
ataaattgccagatcctagcgtcttattctttttaatgtgtgtgggcttagccattatgacatgggttat
ctcattatttaatgtatctgttaagcatccaggtacgcatcaaaccatttatattaaaaatataattagc
catgatggatttacgatgataatgaatgatacgattaaaaatttctcagagttcccagcattaggcttag
tactagcagtgatgattggtattggtgttgcagagaaaacaggatacttcgataagttaatgatttctgt
tgtgaatcgcgcaccacgcttcttaattttaccgactattatattaattggtattttaggtagtacagcc
ggcgatgctgcgacaattatcttgccgccgcttgcagcaatgctttttattaaaattggctatcacccta
tcgctggactaacgatggcatatgcttccgctgttggaggatttgcagcaaatatagttgttggtatgca
agatgctttggtctattcatttacagaaccggcaacacgtatcgtttcagattctattaaaacaaacgtt
gctatgaactggtactttatcgcagcgagtgtcgttgtattacttcctacgatattgctagttacaacta
agctcattattcctagattaggaaaatatgatgacagtttaatgcatgatgaccatgaagaaacatcttc
acatattactgacaaagaagcacatgctttaaaatgggcaaatatcagtttcatagtcacaattatttta
ttaattattacagccattcctgaacatagctttttaagaaatgctaaaacaggcagcttactagacgatg
cgccattaattaacggtgtcggattaattattcttgtcgtatttttagtacctggattagtttatgggat
tttaagcaaagaaattaaaaatacaaaagacttaggtaaaatgttcggcgatgctgtaggatcaatggga
acatttatcgttattgtgttttttgcagcacagctacttgcgtatttaaagtggagtaatttaggaatta
tcgctgctgttaaaggtgccaaattattagaacatcaaaacggtattgtattgatactaggtattattgt
actgagtgcaatggtcaacatgttaatcggaagcgcatcggctaaatggggtattttaggaccgatattc
gtaccaatgttaatccttatcggctttcatcccgcattcacacaagtcatttaccgtgtaggcgattcaa
ttaccaatccaattacaccgatgatgccgtacttacctttattattaacttatgcacaaaaatacgataa
acgcatgaaactcggagccttactttctagtttaatgccgtattcaatcgcgctaagtattgtatggaca
gtatttgtcatcatttggttcctattaggtatccctgttggaccaggtggaccgatattcgttaaataa
>Potential gene 27:21084..21833, 750 bp
atgaatgaactgtcgtcagatgctaagaagactactaatttagcaacttcttctggtttacctaaacgtc
ccagcggagtcatccatttttgattttctctaaatgttttacctgcatcatcctcactcgtacctgtcag
tttatctactaacggggtttcaattgtacctggtgcaatcgcattggctcgaatgctatcacggccatac
tcaattgcgattgattttgtaaaattaatcactgcacctttcgcagcattatatccagagcgatacaagt
ctgctgcttgtccggaaaatgaagacgtattaacaatagagccaccttgattcatcattaaaggtaacat
cattttcgtcattaaaaatgtcccacgcatatctacattcataatcttgtcatacacatctattggatac
tcatgaattctatcagccgcattatccacaccggcattattaaacaacacatcgattcttccaaactgtt
cctttatgtcagacacaaagtctaccacttgttgttcgcttgcattatccacattatacgccttcgcatt
gtcaccattacttttaattttatcgacagtctccgataccgcttcagctatgtctaccgccaatacatac
gcaccttattgagctaaagcgattgcagaagcttgaccgatacctgtacttgctcctgttacgactgcta
ctttattttccaaacgtttcattcagtcactcctatacaacatatcttaa
>Potential gene 28:21442..21930, 489 bp
atgaatgtagatatgcgtgggacatttttaatgacgaaaatgatgttacctttaatgatgaatcaaggtg
gctctattgttaatacgtcttcattttccggacaagcagcagacttgtatcgctctggatataatgctgc
gaaaggtgcagtgattaattttacaaaatcaatcgcaattgagtatggccgtgatagcattcgagccaat
gcgattgcaccaggtacaattgaaaccccgttagtagataaactgacaggtacgagtgaggatgatgcag
gtaaaacatttagagaaaatcaaaaatggatgactccgctgggacgtttaggtaaaccagaagaagttgc
taaattagtagtcttcttagcatctgacgacagttcattcataactggagagacgattcgaattgatggt
ggtgtgatggcttacacatggcctggcgagatgttaagtgatgattcgtggaagcggacattggaataa
>Potential gene 29:22193..22579, 387 bp
atgttaaaagaaaaagaaagttttagattgctatatcaagctataagagagattgcagataaaattggag
ataatcagttagaaactaattccgttagtttattattattggactttgattttgaacatgaagtatttga
tgaattgtatcttgtgattttaaaatatttaaatacagtaagtatagagaacataagtcatagtgagctt
ttgaatttaatagaaaatacgattccagaagatcgagagattaacacgtttgtaaaaaataaaataataa
ttggctttgctaataattacttccctgaattacaagtattagcaaacgaaataaaatctgatatggctag
ttcattaaaacaatgatatttttatttaaatttttaa
>Potential gene 30:22673..22792, 120 bp
atgttagcgaaagacaagggtatccattgtagattaacaaaaggacgtttccacaagtgtgggttattct
cactaaagcaatacgcagagacaacttacgtaaaattttgaactgactag
>Potential gene 31:22863..23021, 159 bp
atggaaggattatcaaaatataaatgtgcattcatttacaacctttattgacaatgattctcaactaata
tagtatataatcaaatcgtaatagttacgatttgttttctgcaacttttttgaagttttagttgaggtga
aaacagtaaaagcatctaa
>Potential gene 32:23425..24246, 822 bp
atgaatcggcaggttatagaattttctaagtataatccttcggggaatatgacgatacttgttcattcaa
aacatgatgctagtgaatatgcatctatcgccaatcagttgatggccgcaacacatgtatgctgtgaaca
ggtaggctttatagaatcaacacaaaatgatgatggtaatgattttcacttagttatgagcggtaatgaa
ttttgcggtaatgcgacgatgtcatatatacatcatttgcaggaaagtcatttgcttaaagaccaacagt
ttaaggtgaaggtgtctggctgttcggatttagtgcaatgcgcaattcatgattgccaatactatgaagt
tcaaatgccacaagcccatcgtgttgtgccaacaacaattaatatgggtaatcattcatggaaagcaata
gaaattatttatgaaacatatgtacattatgtgattccagttaaacaagtaacaacagaaattcaacatt
tggttgaagcgtttgtgcgtgagcaacaatggagtcacaaatataaaacagtaggtatgatgctttttga
tgaacaacgtcaatttttacagccattaatctatataccagaaattcaaagtttaatttgggaaaatagc
tgtggttctggtacagcatcaattggggtttttaataattatcaacgtaatgacgcatgcaaagatttta
cagtacatcagccagggggcagtattttagtgacatcaaagcgatgtcatcaattgggatatcaaacttc
aattaaaggacaggttacaactgtagctacaggaaaagcatatatagaataa
>Potential gene 33:24257..25075, 819 bp
atgaataactttaataatgaaatcaaattgatattacaacaatatttagaaaagtttgaagcgcattacg
agcgtgtattacaagacgatcaatatatcgaagcattagaaacattgatggatgactatagtgaatttat
tttaaatcctatttatgaacaacaatttaatgcttggcgtgacgttgaagaaaaagcacaattaataaaa
tcactgcaatatattacagcgcagtgtgttaaacaagtggaagtcattagagcgagacgtctattagacg
gacaggcgtctaccacaggttactttgacaatatagaacattgtattgatgaagagtttggacaatgtag
tatagctagcaatgacaaattattgttagttggttcaggtgcatatccaatgacgttaattcaagtagca
aaagaaacaggtgcttcagttatcggtattgatattgatccacaagccgttgacctagggcgcagaatcg
ttaacgtcttagcaccaaatgaagatataacaattacggatcaaaaggtatctgaacttaaagatatcaa
agatgtgacgcatatcatattcagctcgacaattcctttaaagtacagcattttagaagaattatatgat
ttaacaaatgaaaatgtcgtagttgcaatgcgctttggtgatggcatcaaagcaatatttaattatccgt
cacaagaaacagcggaagataagtggcaatgtgtgaataaacatatgagaccacagcaaatttttgatat
agcactttataaaaaagcagctataaaggtaggtattacggatgtctaa
>Potential gene 34:25906..26091, 186 bp
atggtacagctgaaaaatcaaagtaatgtccgttttcgtctggctgtgaaaatggatcaatgaggattgc
ggtatatcttacataaagcagatattcttgtaagatatctggcaagatttcgaaatgctcaatatcacct
tcatccaaagtttcaggacgtactggataattttccttcaccataa
