
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:435..1721, 1287 bp
atgaatcctttagcccaaagcttaaatgaacaaattcaacagtcaaatgcaactgcctttgcaatgttat
ctgacttaggtcaaaatatgttttatccaaaaggcattttatctcaatctgctgaagcaaagagtacaac
atataatgcaactataggtatggcgacaaacaaagacggaaaaatgtttgcatcatctttagatgcaatg
tttaatgatttaactccagatgaaatattcccttatgcgccaccacaaggcatcgaagaattacgtgatt
tatggcaacaaaaaatgttgcgtgacaatccagagctatcaatcgacaacatgtcacgaccaattgttac
gaatgcattaacacatggtttatctctagttggcgatttatttgtaaatcaaggtgacactatcttgtta
ccagagcataattggggtaattacaaacttgttttcaatacgagaaaaggtgcaaaccttcaaacatatc
ctatctttgataaagacggacattatactactgattcactagtagaagctttacaatcatacaataaaga
taaagtcattatgattttaaattatcctaataatccgacaggttacacacctacgcataaagaagtgact
accatcgtcgatgcaattaaagcattagctgataaaggtacaaaagttatagctgttgtggatgatgcat
actatggtttattctatgaagatgtgtatactcaatcattatttactgcattaactaatttacattcaaa
tgcaatattacctgttcgtttagatggtgcaacaaaagaatttttcgcatggggattccgtgttggattt
atgacatttggaacgtctgatcaaacaactaaagaagtattagaagccaaagtaaaaggtcttattagaa
gcaatatttccagcggaccgcttccaacacaaagcgctgttaaacatgtactgaaaaataataagcaatt
cgatcacgaaatcgaacaaaatattcaaacattaaaagaacgctatgaagtcactaagaaagtagtctat
gctgatcaataccgatcatattggcaagcatatgactttaactctggatactttatggcaataaaagttc
atgatgttgaccctgaagaacttcgtaaacatttaattgaaaaatattcaattggtgttattgcactaaa
tgcaacagatattcgtattgcatttagctgtgtagaaaaagacgatatcccacatgtcttcgattcaatt
gctaaagcgatagatgacttaagataa
>Potential gene 2:2000..4048, 2049 bp
atgaaatttaagtcattgattacaacaacattagcattaggtgttttagcatcaacaggagcaaacttta
atactaacgaagcatctgccgcagctaagccattagataaatcatcaagtacattacaccatggacattc
taaaatccaggttccatatacaatcacagtgaacggcacaagccaaaacattttatcaagcttaacattt
aataagaatcaacaaattagttataaagatttagagaataaagttaaatcagttttatactttaatagag
gtattagtgatatcgatttaagactttcaaagcaagcggaatatacggttcattttaaaaatggaacaaa
aaaagttgtcgatttgaaatcaggtatctacacagctgacttaatcaatacaagtgacattaaagctatc
agtgttaacgtagatactaaaaagcaacctaaagataaagctaaagcaaatgttcaagtgccgtatacaa
tcacggttaatggtacaagccaaaacattttatcaagcttaacatttaataagaatcaaaatgttagtta
caaagatttagaggataaagttaaatcagttttagagtccaatagaggtataactgatgtagatttaaga
ctttcaaaacaagcgaaatttacagttaattttaaaaatggaacgaagaaagttatagatttgaaagcag
gtatttacacagcgaatttaataaattcaagtgatattaaaagtatcaatattaacgtagatacaaaaaa
acatatcgaaaataaagctaaaagaaactatcaagttccatattcaattaatttaaatggtacatctaca
aacattttatcgaacctttcattttcaaataaaccttggacaaattacaaaaatttaactagtcaaataa
aatcagtactgaagcatgatagaggtattagtgaacaagatttaaaatatgctaagaaagcttattatac
tgtttattttaaaaatggtggtaagagagtggtacattttaattcaaaaacttactcagcgaatctagtt
catgcgaaagatgttaagaaaattgaagttacagttaaaacagcatctaaagcaaaagcggagcgttatg
taccatactcaattgcagtaaatggtacatcaacaccaaatttatcagatttaaaatttacaggtgaccc
acgtgtaggctacaaagatatcactaaaaaagttaaatcagtattgaagcatgatagaggtatcggggaa
cgtgaattaaaatatgcaaaaaaagcaacttacacagtacattttaaaaatggaaagaaaaaagtgatta
atttaaactcaaaaattagccaactgaatctactttatgttcaagatattaaaaagatagatatcgatgt
taaaacaggatcaaaagcgaaagcagatagctatgtaccatatacaattgcagtaaatggtacatcaaca
catattttatcaaaactaaaaatttcaaataaacaattaataggttatcaagatttaaatgaaaaagtta
aatcagttttaaaacatgatagaggtatcaatgatattgaattgaaatttgcgaaacaagcgaagtatac
tatacactttaaaaatggaaagacacaagttgttgaccttaaatcagatatctttacaagaaacttattc
agtgccaaagatattaaaaagatagatattgatgtaaaacaacacactaaatcaaaaaaaataaataaat
ctaataatgtgaaattcccagtaacaataaataaatttgaaaacatagtttcaaatgaatttgtgttcta
taatgcaagcaaaattacaattaatgatttaagtacaaaacttaaatcagcaatggcaaatgatcaaggg
attactaaacatgacataggacttgctgaacgcgcggtgtataaagtgtattttaaaaatggttcgtcaa
aatatgtagacttaaaaactgagtataaagatagaaaagtatttaaagcaactgacattaaaaaggtaga
tattgaacttaaattctaa
>Potential gene 3:4434..4634, 201 bp
atgatggtgaaaaaaacaaaatccaattcactaaaaaaagttgcaacacttgcattagcaaatttattat
tagttggtgcacttactgacaatagtgccaaagcagaaactaagaaagatgatactgatttaaaattagt
cagtcataacgtttatatgttatcgaccgttttgtatccaaactggagacttttaacataa
>Potential gene 4:5603..5812, 210 bp
atggacgcctatgactacagttacgttatttattttgagtttgattattttcttgatatttataaaaaca
aaagatgtcgttcatttaacaattttcatattaaacttacttttttcaatactttattgtttgcctatac
tgttttatttatgaacacttttatattatctagaaaattaaaaccacccgtaaaagggtggtttttttaa

>Potential gene 5:5809..6159, 351 bp
atgaaaattagaaaatctatacttgcgggaactttagcaatcgttttagcatcaccactagtaactaatc
tagataaaaatgaggcacaagctagcacaagcttgccaacatcgaatgaatatcaaaacgaaaagttagc
taatgaattaaaatcgttattagatgaactaaatgttaatgaattagctactggaagtttaaacacttat
tataagcgaactataaaaatttcaggtcaaaaagcaatgtatgctcttaagtcaaaagactttaagaaaa
tgtcagaagcaaaatatcaacttcaaaagatttataacgaaattgacgaagcactaaaaagtaaatatta
a
>Potential gene 6:6844..7293, 450 bp
atgaaaaagaaattagcaacaacagttttagcattaagttttttaacggcaggaatcagtacacaccatc
attcagcgaaagcttttacttttgaaccgtttcctacaaatgaagaaatagaatcaaataagaaaatgtt
agagaaagaaaaagcttataaagaatcatttaaaaatagtggtcttcctacaacgctaggaaaattagat
gaacgtttgagaaattatttaaagaaaggcacaaaaaattctgctcaatttgaaaaaatggttattttaa
ctgaaaataaaggttactatacagtatatctgaatacaccacttgctgaagatagaaaaaatgttgagtt
actaggtaaaatgtataaaacatacttctttaaaaaaggagagtctaaatcatcttatgtaattaatggt
cctggaaaaactaatgaatatgcatactaa
>Potential gene 7:8373..8864, 492 bp
atgctcaaaagaggtttattatttttaactgttttattgttattattctcattttcttcaattactaatg
aggtaagtgcatcaagttcattcgacaaaggaaaatataaaaaaggcgatgacgcgagttattttgaacc
aacaggcccgtatttgatggtaaatgtgactggagttgatggtaaaggaaatgaattgctatcccctcat
tatgtcgagtttcctattaaacctgggactacacttacaaaagaaaaaattgaatactatgtcgaatggg
cattagatgcgacagcatataaagagtttagagtagttgaattagatccaagcgcaaagatcgaagtcac
ttattatgataagaataagaaaaaagaagaaacgaagtctttccctataacagaaaaaggttttgttgtc
ccagatttatcagagcatattaaaaaccctggattcaacttaattacaaagattattatagaaaagaaat
aa
>Potential gene 8:9055..9810, 756 bp
atgaaaacatacagtgaagcaagagcaaggttacgttggtatcaaggtagatatattgattttgacggtt
ggtatggttaccaatgtgcagatttagcagttgattacatttattggttgttagaaattagaatgtgggg
aaatgcaaaagatgcaatcaataacgattttaaaaacatggcaacagtatatgaaaacacaccatcgttt
gttccacaaataggtgatgtggctgtatttaccaaaggaatatataaacaatacggtcatattggtttag
tgtttaatggtggtaatacaaaccaatttttaattttggaacagaactatgacggtaacgcaaatacgcc
tgcaaagttacgttgggataattattacggctgtactcactttattagacctaagtataaaagtgagggc
ttaatgaataagatcacaaataaagttaaaccacctgctcaaaaagcagtcggtaaatctgcaagtaaaa
taacagttggaagtaaagcgccttataaccttaaatggtcaaaaggtgcttattttaatgcgaaaatcga
cggcttaggtgctacttcagccactagatacggtgataatcgtactaactatagattcgatgttggacag
gctgtatacgcgcctggaacattaatatatgtgtttgaaattatagatggttggtgtcgcatttattgga
acaattataatgagtggatatggcatgagagattgattgtgaaagaagtgttttaa
>Potential gene 9:9822..10076, 255 bp
atgattaattggaaaattagaatgaaacaaaaatcattttgggtagcgatattgtcagctatctttttat
ttgctcaaaacatcgcaaaagctattgggtatgatatccaagtttatacagagcaattaacagacggttt
aaacgctatattaggatttttagtattaactggtgtgattcaagacccgactactaaaggtataggtgat
agccaccaagctttagaatatgaagaaccaagaagaaaatactag
>Potential gene 10:10614..10844, 231 bp
atgctcagcacactcaacgaaattaaattaggtcaaaaaacccaagagcaagttaacattaaattagata
aaaccttagatgctattcaaaaagaaagagaaatagatgaaaagaataagaaagaaaatgataagaacat
acgtgatatgaaaatgtgggtgcttggtttagttgggacaatatttgggtcgctaattatagcattattg
cgtatgcttatgggcatataa
>Potential gene 11:10953..11255, 303 bp
atggcaaaagaaattatcaacaatacagaaaggtttattttagtacaaatcgacaaagaaggtacagaac
gtgtagtatatcaagatttcacaggaagttttacaacttctgaaatggttaaccatgctcaagattttaa
atctgaagaaaacgctaagaaaattgcggagacgttaaatttgttatatcaattaactaacaaaaaacaa
cgtgtgaaagtagttaaagaagtagttgaaagatcagatttatctccagaggtaacagttaacactgaaa
cagtatgaaaagctatgagttag
>Potential gene 12:11444..15121, 3678 bp
atgcttgaactgctcatatcatcagaaagagctgaaaagttccgtgaacgacatcgtgttattataaggg
attcaaacaaacaatggcgtgaatttattattaactgggttcaagatacgatggacggctacacagagat
agaatgtatagcgtcttatcttgctgatataacaacagctaaaccgtatgcaccaggaaaatttgagaaa
aagacaacttcagaagcattgaaagatgtgttgagcgatacaggttgggaagtttctgaacaaaccgaat
acgatggtttacgtactacgtcatggacttcttatcaaactagatatgaagttttaaagcaattatgtac
aacctataaaatggttttagatttttatattgagcttagctctaataccatcaaaggtagatatgtagta
ctcaaaaagaaaaacagcttattcaaaggtaaagaaattgaatatggtaaagatttagtcgggttaacta
ggaagattgatatgtcagaaatcaaaacagcattaattgctgtgggacctgaaaatgacaaagggaagcg
tttagagctagttgtgacagatgacgaagcgcaaagtcaattcaacctacctatgcgctatatttggggg
atatatgaaccacaatcagatgatcaaaatatgaatgaaacacgattaagttctttagccaaaacagagt
taaataaacgtaagtcggcagttatgtcatatgagattacttctactgatttggaagttacgtatccgca
cgagattatatcaattggcgatacagtcagagtaaaacatagagattttaacccgccattgtatgtagag
gcagaagttattgctgaagaatataacataatttcagaaaatagcacatatacattcggtcaacctaaag
agttcaaagaatcagaattacgagaagagtttaacaagcgattaaacctaatacaccaaaaattaaacga
caatattagcaatatcaatactatagtaaaagatgttgtagatggtgaattagaatactttgaacgcaaa
attcataaaagtgatacaccgccagaaaatccagtcaatgatacgctttggtatgatacaagtaaccctg
atgttgctgtcttgcgtagatattggaatggtcgatggattgaagcaacaccaaatgatgttgaaaaatt
aggtggtataacaagagagaaagcgctattcagtgaattaaacaatatttttattaatttatctatacaa
cacgctagtcttttgtcagaagctacagaattactgaatagcgagtacttagtagataatgatttgaaag
cggacttacaagcaagtttagacgctgtgattgatgtttataatcaaattaaaaataatttagaatctat
gacacccgaaactgcaacgattggtcggttggtagatacaaaaactttatttcttgagtatagaaagaaa
ttacaagatgtttatacagatgtagaagatgtcaaaatcgccatttcagatagatttaaattattacagt
cacaatacactgatgaaaaatataaagaagcgttggaaataatagcaacaaaatttggtttaacggtgaa
tgaagatttgcagttagtcggagaacctaatgttgttaaatcagctattgaagcagctagagaatccaca
aaagaacaattacgtgactatgtaaaaacatcggactataaaacagacaaagacggtattgttgaacgtt
tagatactgctgaagctgagagaacgactttaaaaggtgaaatcaaagataaagttacgttaaacgaata
tcgaaacggattggaagaacaaaaacaatatactgatgaccagttaagtgatttgtccaataatcctgag
attaaagcaagtattgaacaagcaaatcaagaagcgcaagaagctttaaaatcatacattgatgctcaag
ataatcttaaagagaaggaatcgcaagcgtatgctgatggtaaaatttcggaagaagagcaacgcgctat
acaagatgctcaagctaaacttgaagaggcaaaacaaaacgcagaactaaaggctagaaacgctgaaaag
aaagctaatgcttatacagacaacaaggtcaaagaaagcacagatgcacagaggagaacactgactcgct
atggttctcaaattatacaaaatggtaaggaaatcaaattaagaactactaaagaagagtttaatgcaac
caatcgtacactttcaaatatattaaacgagattgtccaaaacgttacagatggaacaacaatcagatat
gatgataacggagtggctcaagctttaaatgtggggccacgtggtattagattaaatgctgataaaattg
atattaacggtaatagagaaataaaccttcttatccaaaatatgcgagataaagtagataaaaccgatat
tgtcaacagccttaatttatcaagagagggtcttgatatcaatgttaatagaattggaattaaaggcggt
aacaataacagatatgttcaaatacagaatgattctattgaactaggtggtattgtgcaacgaacttgga
aaggcaaacgatcaaccgatgatatattcacacgtcttaaagatggacatctaaggtttagaaataatac
cgcaggcggttcactttatatgtcacattttggtatttcaacatatattgatggagaaggcgaagacgga
ggttcatccggtactattcaatggtgggataaaacttacagtgatagcggtatgaatggcataacaatca
attcctatggtggtgtcgttgcactaacgtcagataataatcgggttgttctggagtcttacgcttcatc
gaatatcaaaagcaaacaggcaccggtgtatttatatccaaacacagacaaagtgcctggattaaaccga
tttgcattcacgctgtctaatgcagataatgcttattcgagtgacggttatattatgtttggttctgatg
agaactatgattacggtgcgggtatcaggttttctaaagaaagaaataaaggtcttgttcaaattgttaa
tggacgatatgcaacaggtggagatacaacaatcgaagcagggtatggcaaatttaatgtgctgaaacga
cgtgatggtaataggtatattcatatacagagtacagacctactgtctgtaggttcagatgatgcaggag
ataggatagcttctaactcaatttatagacgtacttattcggccgcagctaatttgcatattacttctgc
tggcacaattgggcgttcgacatcagcgcgtaaatacaagttatctatcgaaaatcaatataacgataga
gatgaacaactggaacattcaaaagctattcttaacttacctattagaacgtggtttgataaagctgagt
ctgaaattttagctagagagctgagagaagatagaaaattatcggaagacacctataaacttgatagata
cgtaggtttgattgctgaagaggtggagaatttaggattaaaagagtttgtcacgtatgatgacaaagga
gaaattgaaggtatagcgtatgatcgtctatggattcatcttatccctgttatcaaagaacaacaactaa
gaatcaagaaattggaggagtcaaagaatgcaggataa
>Potential gene 13:15245..16729, 1485 bp
atgatagacactattaaagtgaacaacaaaacaattccttggttgtatgtcgaaagagggtttgaaatac
cctcttttaattatgttttaaaaacagaaaatgtagatggacgttcgggggctatatataaagggcgtag
gcttgaatcttatagttttgatatacctttagtggtacgtaatgactatttatctcacaacggcattaaa
acatatgatgacgtcttgaatgaattagtaaagttttttaactacgaggaacaagttaaattacaattca
aatctaaagattggtactggaacgcttattttgaaggaccaataaagctgcacaaagaatttacaatacc
tgttaagttcactatcaaagtagtactaacagacccttacaaatattcagtaacaggaaataaaaatact
gcgatttcagaccaagtttcagttgtaaatagtgggactgctgacactcctttaattgttgaagcccgag
caattaaaccatctagttactttatgatcactaaaaatgatgaagattattttatggttggtgatgatga
ggtaaccaaagaagttaaggattacatgcctcctgtttatcatagtgagtttcgtgatttcaaaggttgg
actaagatgattactgaagatattccaagtaatgacttaggtggtaaggtcggcggtgactttgtgatat
ccaatcttggcgaaggatataaagcaactaattttcctgatgcaaaaggttgggttggtgctggcacaaa
acgagggctccctaaagcgatgacagattttcaaattacctataaatgtattgttgaacaaaaaggtaaa
ggtgccggaagaacagcacaacatatttatgatagtgatggtaagttacttgcttctattggttatgaaa
ataaatatcatgatagaaaaataggacatattgttgttacgttgtataaccaaaaaggagaccccaaaaa
gatatacgactatcagaataaaccgataatgtataacttggacagaatcgttgtttatatgcggctcaga
agagtaggtaataaattttctattaaaacttggaaatttgatcacattaaagacccagatagacgtaaac
ctattgatatggatgagaaagagtggatagatggcggtaagttttatcagcgtccagcttctatcatagc
tatctatagtgcgaagtataacggttataagtggatggagatgaatggattaggttcattcaatacggag
attctaccgaaaccgaaaggcgcaagggatgtcattatacaaaaaggtgatttagtgaaaatagatatgc
aagcaaaaagtgttgtcatcaatgaggaaccaatgttgagcgagaaatcgtttggaagtaattatttcaa
tgttgattctgggtacagtgaattaatcatacaacctgaaaacatctttgatacgacggttaaatggcaa
gatagatatttatag
>Potential gene 14:16723..21255, 4533 bp
atgggagaaagaatcaaaggtttatctataggtttagatttggattcagcaaatttaaatagatcactta
cagaaattaaacgaaactttagaaccttaaattcagacttaaagttgactggaaacaactttaaatatac
tgagaaatcaactgatagttataaacaacgaatcaaagagttagatggaacaattgcaggttataagaaa
aacgttgatgatttagccaagcaatatgacaaggtatctcaagaacagggcgaaaacagtgcagaagctc
aaaagttacgacaagaatataacaaacaagcaaatgagctgaattatttagaaagagaattacaaaaaac
atcagccgaatttgaagagttcaaaaaagctcaagttgaagctcaaagaatggcagaaagtggctgggga
aaaaccagtaaagtttttgaaagtatgggacctaaattaacaaaaatgggtgatggtttaaaatccattg
gtaaaggtttgatgattggtgtaactgcacctgttttaggtattgcagcagcatcaggaaaagcttttgc
agaagttgataaaggtttagatacagttacccaagcaacaggagcaaccggcggagagcttaagaagttg
cagaattcatttaaagatgtttatggcaactttccagcagacgctgagactgtaggcggtgttttagggg
aagttaacacaaggttaggtttcactgacaaagaacttgagagtgccacagagtcattcttgaaatttag
tcacataacaggttctgacggcgtacaagccgttcaattaattacgcgtgcaatgggtgatgcaggtatt
gaagctgatgagtatcaaagtgtacttgatatggtagcgaaagcagcacaggctagcggtataagtgttg
atacattagctgatagcattactaaatacggtgctccaatgagggctatgggctttgagatgaaagaatc
aatcgctttattctctcaatgggagaaatcaggtgttaatactgaaatagccttcagtggtttgaaaaaa
gctatatccaattggggtaaagcgggtaaagacccaagagaagaatttaagaagacattagcagaaattg
aaaggacaccggatatagctagcgcaacaagtttagcgattgaagcatttggtgcaaaagcaggtcctga
tttagcagatgctattaaaggcggtcgctttagttaccaagagttcttaaaaactatcgaagattcgcaa
ggaacggtcaatcaaacatttaaagattctgaaagtggctccgaaagatttaaagtagcaatgaataaac
ttaaattagtaggtgctgatgtatgggcttctattgaaagtgcgtttgctccagtaatggaagaactaat
caaaaagctatctatagcggttgattggttttcaagtttaagtgatggatctaaaaggtcgattgttata
ttcggtggtattgctgctgcaattggtcctgtagtttttggattaggtgcattcataagcacagttggca
acgcagtaactgtattagctccattattagctagtattgcaaaggctgacggattgattagttttttatc
aactaaagtacctattttaggaacagtcttcacagcattaactggtccaattggtatcgtgttaggtgta
ctggctggtttagcagtcgcatttacaatagcttataagaaatctgaaacattcagaaattttgttaatg
gtgcaattaacagtgttaaacaaacgtttagtaatttcattcaatttatccaacctttcattgattccgt
taaaaacatctttaaacaagcggtttcagcaatcgttgatttcgctaaagatatttggagtcaaattaat
ggattctttaatgaaaacggaatttctattgttcaagcgcttcaaaatatatgcaactttattaaagcga
tatttgaatttattttaaattttgtaattaaaccaatcatgtttgcgatttggcaagtgatgcaatttat
ttggccagcggttaaagccttgattgtcagtacttgggagaatataaaaggagtaatacaaggtgcttta
aatatcatacttggctttattaagttcttttcaagtttattcactggtaactggcgaggcgtttgggacg
gtattgtgatgatactaaaaggcactgtgcagttaatttggaatttaatacaactgtggtttgtaggtaa
gattctaggtgttgttagatactttggtggattgcttaaaggtttaatatccggtatctggggtgttatc
aaaggtattttcacaaaatcattatctgcaatttggaatgcaacgaaaagtattttcggtttcttataca
atagtgttaaatctattttcactaatatgaaaaactggttatctagtacgtggaataatatcaaaagcaa
taccgtcggcaaggctcattcgttatttacgggtgtaaggtctaaattcacaagtttatggaatgcgacg
aaagatatatttactaagttaagaaattggatgtcaaacatctggaactctattaaagataacacggtag
gtatagctggtcgtttgtgggataaagtacgtaatatcttcggaaacatgcgtgacggtttaaaatctat
cattggtaaaattaaagatcatatcggcggtatggtaagcgctattaaaaaaggacttaataagctgatt
gaaggtttaaactgggtcggtggtaagttgggcatggataaaatacctaagttacacactggtacagagc
acacacatactactacaagattagttaagaacggtaagattgcacgtgacacattcgctacagttgggga
caagggacgcggaaatggtccaaatggttttagaaatgaaatgattgaattccctaatggtaaacgtgta
atcacaccaaatacagatactaccgcttatttacctaaaggctcaaaagtatacaacggggcacaaactt
attcaatgttaaacggaacgcttccaagatttagtttaggtactatgtggaaagatattaaatccggtgc
atcatcggcatttaattggacaaaagatcaaataggtaaaggtaccaaatggcttggcgataaagttggc
gatgttttagattttatggaaaatccaggcaaacttttaaattatatacttgaagcttttggaattgatt
tcaattctttaactaaaggtatgggaattgcaggcgacataacaaaagctgcatggtctaagattaagaa
aagtgctactgattggataaaagaaaatttagaagctatgggcggtggcgatttagtcggtggaatatta
gaccctgacaaaattaaatatcattatggacgtaccgcagcttataccgctgaaactggaagaccatttc
atgaaggtgtcgattttccatttgtatatcaagaagttagaacgccgatgggtggcagacttacaagaat
gccatttatgtctggtggttatggtaattatgtaaaaattactagtggagttatcgatatgctatttgcg
catttgaaaaactttagcaaatcaccacctagtggcacgatggtaaagcccggtgatgttgttggtttaa
ctggtaataccggatttagtacaggaccacatttacattttgaaatgaggagaaatggacgacattttga
ccctgaaccatatttaaggaatgccaagaaaaaaggtaggttatcaattggtggcggtggcgctacttct
ggaagtggtgcaacttatgccagccgagtaatccgacaagcacaaagtattttaggaggacgttataaag
gtaagtggattcatgaccagatgatgcgagttgcaaagcgcgaaagtaactaccagtcaaatgcagtgaa
taactgggatataaatgctcaaagaggagacccatcaagaggattattccaaatcatcggctcaactttt
agagcaaacgctaaacgtggatatactaactttaataatccggttcatcaaggtatttcagcaatgcagt
acattgttagacgctacggttgggatggatttaagcgtgcgggtgattacgcatatgctacaggcggaaa
agtttttgatggttggtataacttaggtgaagacggtcatccagaatgggttattccaacagatccagct
cgtagaaatgatgcaatgaagatgttacattatgcagcagcagaagtaagagggagaaaagcgagtaaaa
ataagcgtcctagtcaattgtctagtgtaaatgggtttgatgatccaagcttattattgaaaatgattga
acaacagcaacaacaaatagctttattactgaaaatagcgcaatccaacgatgtgattgcagataaagat
tatcagccgattattgacgaatacgcttttgataaaaaggtgaacgcgtctatagaaaagcgagaaaggc
aagaatcaacaaaagtaaagtttagaaaaggaggaattgctattcaatgatag
>Potential gene 15:19730..20032, 303 bp
atgaatgcacctaatccaaaaactacaggaccaattgcagcagcaataccaccgaatataacaatcgacc
ttttagatccatcacttaaacttgaaaaccaatcaaccgctatagatagctttttgattagttcttccat
tactggagcaaacgcactttcaatagaagcccatacatcagcacctactaatttaagtttattcattgct
actttaaatctttcggagccactttcagaatctttaaatgtttgattgaccgttccttgcgaatcttcga
tagtttttaagaactcttggtaa
>Potential gene 16:21312..21473, 162 bp
atgttgaaaaatatggatactctcatgatggacttaattgaaaatggtaaagacgctaacgaagttttaa
aaatgccatttcattatgtactttccatatatcaaaataaaaacaatgacatttctgaagaaaaagcaga
ggctttaattgatgcgttttaa
>Potential gene 17:21500..21850, 351 bp
atggcaaaattaaaacgtaacattattcaattagtagaagacccaaaagcaaatgaaattaaattacaaa
cgtacttaacaccacacttcatttcatttgaaattgtatacgaagcaatggatttaatcgatgatattga
ggacgaaaatagcacgatgaaaccaagagaaatcgctgacagattgatggatatggttgtaaaaatttac
gataaccaattcacagttaaagacctaaaagaacgtatgcatgcacctgatggaatgaatgcacttcgtg
aacaagtaattttcattactcaaggtcagcaaactgaggaaactagaaattttatccagaacatgaaata
a
>Potential gene 18:22167..22808, 642 bp
atggcaataaaacatgcaagtgcgccaaaggcgtattttaacattactggtttaggtttcgctaaattaa
cgaaagaaggcgcggaattaaaatatagtgatattacaaaaacaagaggattacaaaaaattggtgttga
aactggtggagaactaaaaacagcttatgctgatggcggtccaattgaatcagggaatacagacggagaa
ggtaaaatttcattacaaatgcatgcgttccctaaagagattcgcaaaattgtttttaatgaagattatg
atgaagatggcgtttacgaagagaaacaaggtaaacaaaacaattacgtagctgtatggttcagacaaga
gcgtagagacggtacatttagaacagttttattacctaaagttatgtttacaaatcctaaaattgatggt
gaaacagctgagaaagactgggacttctcaagtgaagaagtagaaggtgaggcacttttccctttaattg
ataataaaaagtctgtacgtaaatatatctttgactcagctaacatgacaaatcatggtggcgacggtga
aaaaggcgaagaggctttcttaaagaaaattttaggcgaagaatatactggaaacgtgacagaggatacg
gaaactttgtaa
>Potential gene 19:23150..23617, 468 bp
atgagtgtgaaagtgacaggtgataaagcattagaaagagaattagaaaaacattttggcataaaagaga
tggtaaaagttcaagataaggcgttaatagctggtgctaaggtaattgttgaagaaataaaaaaacaact
caaaccttcagaagactcaggagcgctgattagtgagattggtcgtactgaacctgaatggataaagggg
aaacgtactgttacaattaggtggcgcgggccttttgaacgatttagaatagtacatttaattgaaaatg
gtcatgttgagaaaaagtcaggaaaatttgtaaaacctaaagctatgggtgggattaatagagcaataag
acaaggtcaaaataagtattttgaaacgttaaaaagggagttgaaaaaattgtgattgatattttgtaca
aagttcatgaagtgattagtcaagacagaattattagagagcacgtaa
>Potential gene 20:23584..23976, 393 bp
atgaagaaagtgtttaagaaacctagaattacaactaaacgtttaaatacgcgtgttcatttttataagt
atactgaaaataatggtccagaagctggagaaaaagaagaaaaattattatatagctgttgggcgagtat
tgatggtgtctggttacgtgaattagaacaagctatctcaaacggaacgcaaaatgacattaaattgtat
attcgtgatccgcaaggtgattatttacccagtgaagaacattatcttgaaattgaatcaagatatttca
aaaatcgtttgaatataaagcaagtatcaccagatttggataataaagactttattatgattcgtggagg
atatagttcatgagtgtgaaagtgacaggtgataaagcattag
>Potential gene 21:23960..24256, 297 bp
atggtgaagacaatgacgattgatgatttgcttgtcaaatttaaatcacttgaaaagattgaccataatt
cagaggatgagtacttaaagcagttgttaaaaatgtcgtacgagcgtataaaaaatcagtgcggagtttt
tgaattagagaatttaataggtcaagaattgatacttatacgcgctagatatgcttatcaagatttatta
gaacacttcaacgacaattacagacctgaaataatagatttttcgttatctctaatggaggtatcagaag
atgaagaaagtgtttaa
>Potential gene 22:24213..24518, 306 bp
atggtgaaatttaaagttgttagagaatttaaagacatagagcacaatcaacacaagtacaaagtagggg
agttgtatccagctgaagggtataacaatcctcgtgttgaattgttgacaaatcaaatcaaaaataagta
cgacaaagtttatatcgtacctttagataagctgacaaaacaagaattattagaactatgcgaatcatta
caaaaaaaagcgtctagttcaatggttaaaagtgaaatcatcgacttattgaatggtgaagacaatgacg
attgatgatttgcttgtcaaatttaa
>Potential gene 23:24538..25758, 1221 bp
atgttgcagatagtaaattatcagcaaatggattttcaagattccttttttaatacaaaaataggaggtc
ataaaatgactataaatttatcggaaacattcgcaaatgcgaaaaacgaatttattaatgcagtaaacaa
cggtgaaccgcaagaaagacaaaatgaattgtacggtgacatgattaaccaactatttgaagaaactaaa
ttacaagcaaaagcagaagctgaaagagtttctagtttacctaaatcagcacaaactttgagtgcaaacc
aaagaaatttctttatggatatcaataagagtgttggatataaagaagaaaaacttttaccagaagaaac
aattgatagaatcttcgaagatttaacaacgaatcatccattattagctgacttaggtattaaaaatgct
ggtttgcgtttgaagttcttaaaatccgaaacttctggcgtggctgtttggggtaaaatctatggtgaaa
ttaaaggtcaattagatgctgcgttcagtgaagaaacagcaattcaaaataaattgacagcgtttgttgt
tttaccaaaagatttaaatgattttggtcctgcgtggattgaaagatttgttcgtgttcaaatcgaagaa
gcatttgcagtggcgcttgaaactgcgttcttaaaaggtactggtaaagaccaaccgattggcttaaacc
gtcaagtacaaaaaggtgtatcggtaactgatggtgcttatccagagaaagaagaacaaggtacgcttac
atttgctaatccgcgcgctacggttaatgaattgacgcaagtgtttaaataccactcaactaacgagaaa
ggtaaatcagtagcggttaaaggtaatgtaacaatggttgttaatccgtccgatgcttttgaggttcaag
cacagtatacacatttaaatgcaaatggcgtatatgttactgctttaccatttaatttgaatgttattga
gtctacagttcaagaagcaggtaaggttttaacgtacgttaaaggtctatatgatggttatttagctggt
ggtattaatgttcagaaatttaaagaaacacttgcgttagatgatatggatttatacactgcaaaacaat
ttgcttacggcaaagcgaaagataataaagttgctgctgtttggaaattagatttaaaaggacataaacc
agctttagaagataccgaagaaacactataa
>Potential gene 24:25706..26473, 768 bp
atggtagtacattgaaaggtggtgatgaagatgaaagtggagattaaaggcgtcatcgtttccaacgaag
ataaatgggtttacgaaatgcttggtatggattcgacttgtcctaaagatgttttaacacaactagaatt
tagtgatgaagatgttgatattataattaactcaaatggtggtaacctagtagctggtagtgaaatatat
acacatttaagagctcataaaggcaaagtgaatgttcgtatcacagcaatagcagcaagtgcggcatcgc
ttatcgcaatggctggtgaccacatcgaaatgagtccggttgctagaatgatgattcacaatccttcaag
tattgcgcaaggagaagcgaaagatctaaatcatgctgcagaaacattagaacatgttggtcaaataatg
gctgaggcatatgcggttagagctggtaaaaacaaacaagaacttatagaaatgatggctaaggaaacat
ggctaaatgctgatgaagccattgaacaaggttttgcggatagtaaaatgtttgaaaacgacaatatgca
aattgtagcaagcgatacacaagtgttatcgaaagatgtattaaatcgtgtaacagctttggtaagtaaa
acgccagaggttaacattgatattgacgcaatagcaaataaagtaattgaaaaaataaatatgaaagaaa
aggaatcagaaatcgatgttgcagatagtaaattatcagcaaatggattttcaagattccttttttaa
>Potential gene 25:26427..27590, 1164 bp
atgagtattctagaaaagatatttaaaactaggaaagatatatcatatatgcttgatttagatatgatag
aagatttatcacaacaagcgtatgtgaaacgtttagcgattgatagttgtattgaatttgttgcgcgagc
tgtcgctcaaagtcattttaaagtattggaaggtaatagaattcaaaagaatgatgtttactacaagtta
aatataaaaccaaatactgacttatcaagcgatagtttttggcaacaagttatatataaactaatttacg
ataacgaggttttaatcgtagtaagtgacagcaaagaattacttatcgcagatagcttttacagagaaga
gtatgctttgtatgatgatatattcaaagatgtaacggttaaagattatacttatcaacgtactttcaca
atgcaagaggtcatatatttaaagtacaacaacaataaagtgacacactttgtagaaagtctattcgaag
attacgggaaaatattcggaagaatgataggtgcacaattaaaaaactatcaaataagagggattttgaa
atctgcctctagcgcatatgacgaaaagaatatagaaaaattacaagcgttcacaaataaattattcaat
acttttaataaaaaccaactagcaatcgcgcctttgatagaaggttttgattatgaggaattatctaatg
gtggtaagaatagtaacatgcctttttctgaattgagtgagctaatgagagatgcaataaaaaatgttgc
gttgatgattggtatacccccaggtttgatttacggagaaacagctgatttggaaaaaaacacgcttgta
tttgagaagttctgtttaacacctttattaaaaaagattcagaacgaattaaacgcgaaactcataactc
aaagcatgtatttgaaagatacaagaatagaaattgtcggtgtgaataaaaaagacccacttcaatatgc
tgaagcaattgacaaacttgtaagttctggttcatttacaaggaatgaggtgcggattatgttaggtgaa
gaaccgtctgacaatcctgaattagacgaatatctagtgacgaagaactacgaaaaagcaaacgaaaatg
gtagtacattgaaaggtggtgatgaagatgaaagtggagattaa
>Potential gene 26:27606..28652, 1047 bp
atggtaaacgtcaaacgtggtggattaggtaaaaagaaaaatagaagaacgttttatataagtactgatg
gttttgttagagagggttatatcgatgcaatgaagcacaaaattgcaagtgtattaagtggcaaggttaa
aaatagtagattgtttgctttttattgtaagttagacgatccaaaagaagttgatgacagacagacgtgg
gaaaaggcgaacccaatgttacataaaccgttatcagaatacgctaaaacactgctaagtacgattgaag
aagaatataacgatttaccattcaaccgttcaaataagcccgaattcatgactaagcgaatgaatttgcc
tgaagttgaccttgaaaaagtaatagcaccatggaaagaaatactagcgactaatagagagataccaaat
ttagataatcaaatgtgtattggtggtttagactttgcaaacattcgagattttgcaagtgtagggctat
tattccgaaaaaacgatgattacatttggttaggacattcgtttgtaagacaagggtttttggatgatgt
caaattagaacctcctattaaagaatgggaaaaaatgggattattgaccattgtcgatgatgatgtcatt
gaaattgaatatatagttgattggtttttaaaggctagagaaaaatatgggcttgaaaaagtcatagctg
ataattatagaactgatattgtaagacgtgcgtttgaggatgctggcataaaacttgaagtacttagaaa
tccaaaagcaatacatggattacttgcaccacgtatcgatacaatgtttgcgaaacataacgtaatatat
ggagacaatcctttgatgcgttggtttactaataatgttgctgtaaaaatcaagccggatggaaataaag
agtatatcaaaaaagatgaagtcagacgtaaaacggatggatttatggcatttgttcatgcgttatatag
agcggatgatatagtagacaaagacatgtctaaagcacttgatgcattaatgagtatagatttctaa
>Potential gene 27:28698..29267, 570 bp
atgattagtaataaatacgttgatgaatatataaatttgtggaaacaaggaaagataattttaaataaag
aaagaattgatctctttaattatctacaaaaacatatatattcacgagatgatgtatattttgatgaaca
gaaaatcgaggattgtatcaaatttattgaaaaatggtattttccaacattaccatttcaaaggtttatc
atagctaatatatttcttatagataaaaatacagatgaagctttctttacagaatttgctattttcatgg
gacgtggaggcgggaaaaacggtctaataagtgctattagtgattttctttctacgcccttacacggagt
taaagaatatcacatctccattattgctaatagtgaagatcaagcaaaaacatcgtttgatgaaatcaga
accgttttaatggataacaaacgaaataagacgggtaaaacgccaaaagctccttatgaagttagtaaag
caaaaataataaaccgtgcaactaaatcggttattcgatataacacatcaaacacaaaaaccaaagacgg
tggacgttag
>Potential gene 28:29234..29653, 420 bp
atgtataaccccccctcttataaccattttaaggcaggtgatgaaatggagattatagtcgatgaaaatt
tagtgcttaaagaaaaagaaaggctacaagtattatataaagacatacctagcaataaattaaaagtagt
tgatggtttaattattcaagcagcaaggctacgtgtaatgcttgattacatgtgggaagacataaaagaa
aaaggtgattatgatttatttactcaatctgaaaaggcgccaccatatgaaagggaaagaccagtagcca
aactatttaatgctagagatgctgcatatcaaaaaataatcaaacaattatcggatttattgcccgaaga
gaaagaagacacagaaacgccatctgatgattacctatgattagtaataaatacgttgatgaatatataa

>Potential gene 29:29627..29956, 330 bp
atggttataagagggggggttatacatggatttttaaaattatcgcgaagtttactccctaaccgttccc
caagtattttgatcgcttttgatttttttgacccgggggtatttaccatttttcgtctttccatttattt
tcttttttttataaatctcttttcttttttgttgtgacatttaatacacagtgtttctaaattgtttaag
tcatgagcaaactccggatgatgttgtagcgataatatatgatctacatccaacgacttatgtttgcttt
tgtcatatgtcgttaacttgccgtctctcttacattgttgacattcataa
>Potential gene 30:29761..30039, 279 bp
atgatgactaaagacgaacgtatacgattctataagtctaaagaatggcaaacaacaagaaaaagagtac
tagaaagagataattatgaatgtcaacaatgtaagagagacggcaagttaacgacatatgacaaaagcaa
acataagtcgttggatgtagatcatatattatcgctacaacatcatccggagtttgctcatgacttaaac
aatttagaaacactgtgtattaaatgtcacaacaaaaaagaaaagagatttataaaaaaaagaaaataa
>Potential gene 31:30271..30687, 417 bp
atgataaagattgagaaacacgatatcaaaaagcttgaagaatacattcagcacatcgataactatcgaa
gagagttgaagatgcgagaatatgaattacttgaaagtcatgaaccagataatgcgggagctggcaaaag
taatttgccgggtaacccgattgaacgatgtgcaataaagaagtttagtgataacaggtacaatacatta
agaaatatagttaacggtgtagatagattgatagatgaaagtgatgaggatacgcttgagttattaaggt
ttagatattgggattgtcctattggttgttatgaatgggaagatatagcacattactttggtacaagtaa
gacaagtatattacgtagaaggaatgcactgattgataagttagcaaagtatattggttatgtgtag
>Potential gene 32:30715..30915, 201 bp
atgtggattactatgactattgtatttgctatattgctattagtttgtatcagtattaatagtgatcgtg
caagggagatacaagcgctcagatatatgaatgattatctacttgatgaagtagttaaaactaaaggata
caacgggttaaaagaatacaggattgaattaaagcgaatgaataacgatattaaaaagtaa
>Potential gene 33:31046..31456, 411 bp
atgacaatgatgattaaaaaacttaaaaatatggattggttcgatatctttattgttggaatactgcgat
tattcggcgtaatcgcactgatgcttgttgtcatatcgcctatctatacagtggctagttaccaaaacaa
agaagtacatcaagggacaattacagataaatataataagagacaagataaagaagacaagttctatatt
gtattagacaacaaacaagtcattgaaaactccgacttattactcaaaaagaaatttgatagtgcagata
tacaagctaaattaaaaattggagataaagtagaagttaagacgattggatatagaatacactttttaaa
tttatatccggtcttatacgaagtaaagaaggtagataaaaaatgattaagcaaatactaa
>Potential gene 34:31993..32526, 534 bp
atgactaacacattacaagtaaaactattatcagaaaatgctagaatgcccgaacgaaatcataagacgg
atgcaggttatgatatattctcagctgaaactgtcgtacttgagccacaagaaaaggcagtgattaaaac
agatgtagctgtaagcataccagagggctatgtcgggctattaactagccgtagtggtgtaagtagtaaa
acacatttagtgattgaaacaggcaagatagacgcgggatatcatggcaatttagggattaatatcaaga
atgataatgaaacgttagagagtgagtatataagtaactttggacgtagtccttctggtatagacggaca
atatgccctactacctgtaacagataaaattttatgtatgaatggtagttatgtcataaacaaaggcgac
aaactagctcaattggttattgtgcctatatggacaccggaactaaagcaagtggaggaattcgagagtg
tttcagaacgtggagcaaaaggcttcggaagtagcggagtgtaa
>Potential gene 35:32519..32707, 189 bp
atgaggaggagcaggaagatgaaaaaatttaatgttcaaatcacatacactggcatgattgaagagacta
tcgaggctgaaagtttagacgaagcagaatttgaggctcatgatattgcgagaatggaagtgccatttga
ttgtgatgaatttgaaattaatgtagaggtggaacaggaaaatgactaa
>Potential gene 36:32676..32930, 255 bp
atgaataaccgtgaacaaattgaacagtccgttataagtgctagtgcgtataacggcaatgacacagagg
gattactaaaagagattgaggacgtatataagaaagcgcaagcgtttgatgaaatacttgagggaatgac
aaatgctattcaacattcagttaaagaaggtattgaacttgatgaagcagtagggattatgacgggtcaa
gttgtctataaatatgaggaggagcaggaagatgaaaaaatttaa
>Potential gene 37:32923..33207, 285 bp
atgaactatgaaacaggggtccaactaggtgtaatggacgctaggttgaagaagatgagaaaacaacgtg
atgagtacaagaagcaacgtgatgagcttattggggatataggtaagttaagagaacgcaacaaagagct
ggagaagaaagcaagtgcatgggataggtattgcaagagcgttgaaaaagatttaataaacgaatttggc
aaagatggtgaaagagttaaatttggaatggaattaaacaataaaacttttatggaggaagacactaatg
aataa
>Potential gene 38:33180..33653, 474 bp
atgatgccgaaatatcgagtgtgggacgaatatacaggaagaatacacgatgttgtaggattcgacttca
ttgagactgaagttcactatgaaaactacgcggaagcagaagctttaatacatgcaagagattttaaaga
tgtagaacttatgcaaagtacaggacttaaagacaaaaacaacaacgaaatatatgcgggagatatagtt
gagtttgaagatgaaatattagagatgccagacgatgaatctgtaataggaacaattaatagagcagtaa
tatctattgatgttgtaaatggtattcaattaaaagattttatgtttgagggcgcagtctccgaaaatga
ttactttgagtatatagacataaaatccttccttagatatgactgtgaggttaaaggcaacatatttgaa
tcatcacatttattggaggtaacagaatgaactatgaaacaggggtccaactag
>Potential gene 39:33596..33844, 249 bp
atgatgcaaacctataaagtaagtctttgtatcaagttcttagcgtctaaatgtaattataaattaaaaa
agcattattttgtgcaaagtacgaatgaggaagaagccacgaatacggtattaaaactgactcgtaaaaa
gctcccgttccaaactgcaagcatagaggtcgaaaaagtggaggtagtagtatgatgccgaaatatcgag
tgtgggacgaatatacaggaagaatacacgatgttgtag
>Potential gene 40:33823..34227, 405 bp
atgaaaatcaaatttaaaaaagaaatgacattagatgaattaattaagtgggcatgggagaaccctgaat
tagtaagaggagagaaattttatgcgcaaggcaagagtaatgaaacatatgtgtatttccatctttacga
cggaagaaagtgcatcttaagagaatatatatcagccgatgacacttttgaagtcgaatatgaagaggaa
atcacggaagaaactgtaataccgaagttagtaaaaatgtacaaagacggaaaaatgtccgtttacaatg
actattcgattaagcgttctttgctttattcccctaaagcatactatatcttaaacgacgacctaactat
gacgttaatctggaaagatggggagttggtagaatgatgcaaacctataaagtaa
>Potential gene 41:34241..34483, 243 bp
atgacagataacgcacgcaaagaatacctaaatcaattctttggatctaagagatatctgtatcaggata
acgaacgagtggcacatattcatgtagtaaacggcacttattactttcatgggcatatcgtaccaggttg
gcaaggcgttaaaaagatgtttgatacagcagaagagctcgaaacatatataaagcaacatggtttggaa
tacgaggaacagaagcaactaactttattttag
>Potential gene 42:34487..34855, 369 bp
atggcgagaaaagcaagaattgtaacaataaacgataaaccttataggttcagtaaatttgaaatggaat
taatagaaagtcacggtataaccgctggaatggtttctaagagagtaaaagacggttgggaactacatga
agcaatggacgcaccagaaggtacgcgtttaagcgagtacagagaaaagaaaacaatagaaagactggaa
caagctagactcgaacgcaaattggaaagaaagcaaaagaaagaggctgagctaagaagaaagaagccac
atttgtttaatgtaccacagaaacatccaagaggacgttatgcgtgctacctgatggaaaacgacatatt
cgtgaaagttaagaagtag
>Potential gene 43:34868..35284, 417 bp
atgagggattacatggagatagaaattaaatttaatgaagtgtttaatgcgccgatggggtcgccccgtc
cacgctttcgtaaaacaggtagatttgttcaaacttacatgccaacgtcttacacaaagcataaagcgta
tatacaagggcaaatgcctaagttaaatctagagcgcgcactaaaaatcgaattagacttttactttcca
ttgcttaaatcgtggtcgaagaaaaagaaaagcgaaatggttgggcagtataaagtgactaatccggata
tcgacaacttaattaaaacggtattagatgcttgtaatggccatgtatggaaagacgataaccaaattac
agaaataactagctcaaagcgttatggaattgagcccaaaataatcatacgaatagaagaaatataa
>Potential gene 44:35263..35499, 237 bp
atggatgcatttgataaatactatctatttgatcatgacggcaacaaaatgttttcagttacaccacatt
ttaaagatggtcggcatttagttgttggaataaaagaaacaaaatttaatggtcgtcgttggtatttaga
cgattatgaattaaatacacttattgataatgaacaaatggagttaggacaccaaacaagcttatttgaa
tatatatgagggattacatggagatag
>Potential gene 45:35961..36368, 408 bp
atgactggttggataaaacttcatagaaaattattagattcgcctatttttcagaacgaaaagttattca
aagtatttgcatattgtcttatgaaagctagtcataaggatcatacacagcttgttggcaggcgggttgt
cgaattagaaaaaggtcaatttgtgttcgggagaaagcgagcaagcgaagagttacgtctcaaagaatcc
acagtaagagactacataaagcttttagaaaatcttggaactatcgtcgtaaagtccgacaacaaatttt
ctgttataaccgttgtcaattgggcgatttatcaaagtatggaagaaaattccgacagcaaaaacgacaa
caaatcaacaacaaatcaacaacaaatggacaacaaatcaacacaaacaagaatgtaa
>Potential gene 46:36398..36868, 471 bp
atgataaacagaacaatattagttggtcgtttaactagagacccagaattaagaaccactcaaagtggtg
taaatgtagcatcattcacattagcagttaaccgtacatttacaaatgcacaaggagagcgcgaggcaga
ctttattaatatcatcgtatttaaaaaacaagcagagaacgttaataaatacctatctaaaggatcgttg
gcgggcgtagatggcagattacaaacgcgtaactatgaaaacaaggaaggtcaacgtgtatatgttacgg
aagttattgctgatagtattcagtttttagaaccgaaaaactcaaatgacactcaacaagatttatacca
acaacaagtacaacaaacacgtggacaatcgcaatattcaaataacaaaccagtaaaagataatccgttt
gcgaatgcaaatggtccgattgaaatagatgacaatgatttaccattctaa
>Potential gene 47:36869..37354, 486 bp
atgactgctggaacacaacaagctatgaattttgaaagtcatcgcttatgcacgattaaggcaaagcaag
agctgcgaataggcacatggtcaattctaccgtttgacatcgaacatgatgctaacgagcctgtggcttt
cttattacaaagtacattaggttataaggttctgtatgttactgatacaaagtatttgaaatacaaattt
aacggcattacgcacatgatgttagaagttaattatatctatgaacaaatgcaggaaaacataaaaaacg
gcagtgtgcacagcacattagcaaacagaattatggagtctcattttagcttagaacatgctatcggaat
gttaaaagcaaatgatttaactagactcgaagaaatacatttaattcatttaagtagccaaaattcaaat
gcaaaatacattaaaagtgaaatacaaaaagtgacgggcgtgcccgtttatgttggaggtttataa
>Potential gene 48:37567..38487, 921 bp
atgactgaaaataataaattacaaactattgaacaacaattagtacaagaaaagaacgtatctgacaacg
tattaaacaaagtgagagttttagagtcacaaggcaatttggaattgccaaatgattattcaccaagtaa
tgccatgaaacaagcatggttacaaatcagccaagataacaaattaatgagttgtaacgatacaagcaaa
gcaaatgccttattagacatggtaacgcaaggtttaaatccagctaaaaatcaatgctactttattcctt
acggcaacaaaatgcagttacaacgtagctatcacggtaatgtaatgatgttaaaacgtgatgcaggtgc
tcaagatgttgttgctcaagtgatttataaaggcgatacattcaagcaagaaatgggaggaacaggacgt
atcaaagcgattaaacacgaacaagacttctttaacatcgacaaagaaaacattatcggtgcgtactgca
caatcgtatttaatgatggacgagataactatattgaagtcatgactattgaacaaattaaacaagcatg
gatgcagtcatcaatgattaaagatgaaaaagcattacaaaattctaaaacacataataatttcaaagaa
gaaatggctaaaaaaacagttatcaatagagctgctaaacgttatatcaacacatcaacagatagcaatc
ttttcaaatacgcacaagaatccgaacaacgtcaacgcaaagaagtgttggacgcagaagttgaagaaaa
tgcaaatcaagaacaattggactttgaacaaccagttctcgaagaagcacaatacacagaattagaaaat
gataagcctattgatgtatctgactttgaagaaataaaagaacctgcaacagaaaaagaaagcgaagaag
agccattttaa
>Potential gene 49:37653..38147, 495 bp
atgcaggtgctcaagatgttgttgctcaagtgatttataaaggcgatacattcaagcaagaaatgggagg
aacaggacgtatcaaagcgattaaacacgaacaagacttctttaacatcgacaaagaaaacattatcggt
gcgtactgcacaatcgtatttaatgatggacgagataactatattgaagtcatgactattgaacaaatta
aacaagcatggatgcagtcatcaatgattaaagatgaaaaagcattacaaaattctaaaacacataataa
tttcaaagaagaaatggctaaaaaaacagttatcaatagagctgctaaacgttatatcaacacatcaaca
gatagcaatcttttcaaatacgcacaagaatccgaacaacgtcaacgcaaagaagtgttggacgcagaag
ttgaagaaaatgcaaatcaagaacaattggactttgaacaaccagttctcgaagaagcacaatacacaga
attag
>Potential gene 50:38489..40444, 1956 bp
atgaggaaagatatgaaaataaataagttaactatatcaaactttgctggaatcaaagaagaaagcttta
actttaacggcaaagatgcaaaaatatacggcaataatgcaacgggtaagactacgacagcaaccgcatt
acaatggctgcttttcgataaaggtttggacggatcaaccaaatcatttaaccctgtatctttaaacgaa
aaaaacgaagaaaattatgagttaattccgactgttttcgcagaatttgaaatcgacggaaaaattacga
cttttaaaaaagagtcacatcctaaatacacaataaatcaaaaaacgaatcgcaaggaatactcacgaag
tcgaacgaagaaacaatatatcaatgatgaatcaataaaagtaaaggattataaagctcgtattgatgaa
ctgattgatgaagatgtattcaagttaattacgaaccctcaagcatttaacttactagattggaagaagc
gaagaagtttgttgtttgaaattgctaaaccaatcaatgatgaggatgtcattaaaacaaatgatgattt
taaagaattaaataatattcttggtgatcatgaaattgaaacaaagaaaaaaattcttactgacaagata
aaacagattaacaaagacatcaaagatattccgatacgtattaatcaaacacaacaaaataagcaggatg
taccagaattcgataatgatagatacgcaattatcaaacaagaaattgagcaacttgaaaatgagcgtat
agatattcaaaacggtaaggaagaaattaatttgcgtaatcaattagctgataaacaatcagaattgaaa
cgcatagaagacaataacagcgcaagtaatgagaacaaaatccatgctttaacaaatgaattacacgttg
aaaatggaacggtagcaaaccttaaaacgagattaaagcaaaacaaacaacaaatcacgcatgaagaaaa
tagacgtaatcaattattagaaaatcataaaggattaaaaagtgatttagaaaaagctaaaaatcaaaaa
tttgaatatcttgatgacaatgtatgtagttgttgtggtcaacagttaccagctgaacaagtgaatgagg
caagagaaaaagcattgcagaaattcaatgctggcaaatcgaaagaattagaaacaatacaaacatctat
caatcacattatttcagaaggcaagaaaataaagccaatcatcgagaagttagaggatgacaataataat
cttcaaattaaaatcaacgaagcagaagagcgttcagcaagaatacaaaacaaaattaataagttgaaaa
cgactcatgttgacgttacacaaactgacgaatacaaagcagtaatgttagagataaacgagattaatca
aaaacgctcgaacattaggaaaactattcaagataacgtttcaggaatagatgacaaaataagcgaactt
actcaagaaaaatcagaaattgaagtgtcaagatcaatcgaaaaatcaaataaacatctagatgatgtta
tttctgaattaagaaatgaagaagatagattattggatgaaaaagaaaagtattcacatgacctttatat
cttaaaagaatttacaacaacaaaagtcaaaatgcttactgaaaatatcaataatgaatttgagattgct
gaatttaagttattcaataccttagttaacggcgaattagaagaaacatgttccacaacggttaacggcg
tcgaatacgacagcggtttaaataacgcctcaagaattaatgttggcttagatatcatcaatacactgtc
aaaacattttaaagttacagcgccaatatttattgataatgctgaatcagtaacagagcttatcaaaaca
gaatcacaacaaattcaattgatagtaaatgaacaagataaaaaattaagaatggagactatataa
>Potential gene 51:40423..40719, 297 bp
atggtaggtataagcatgagagatacagaaagaaatatattgaatatttttaagacgttattcgacgaat
atactttgtcaaaccaacgagcattattggaaattgaacgtaatcatcacggatacttatcgattaattt
cttacactatcacgacagttacaaaacaaacaataagcttgtgcagatacatgaaatcaatccagacagc
catgaacgaataaaaaatttaattatcgaggtgctaagaggtcatcggaagattaaaaaaggagcatgag
gaaagatatgaaaataa
>Potential gene 52:40713..40973, 261 bp
atgtactacaaaattggcgatgtatgtcaaaaagtaattaatgtagacggattcgattttaaattagcag
ttaagaaacaagattacagcattctagtgaatgtcttagatttagaagatagatttatcgacggtataaa
tataacagatgagaatgatctatacacagcattagacatattaaatcaatctatttatgaatggattgaa
gagaacacagacgaaagagacaggctaattaacttagtcatgagatggtag
>Potential gene 53:41197..41553, 357 bp
atgatagaaatgccacatgtattaaacgtaaccgttccaatacctgaaacacacgtgcttatcacaaaag
atgaatatgaagagttaatagcttactcattagaccctgtatggaacatgagcgacttaaagaagaaatt
aaaaattgcatctgatgagactatcaaggacagattactatttcatcctagatttgaaaaagaactaaga
gcgcaaggaattgtgcattacccagatgagaattttaatcgctggagatttaacgcaagaaagatgaata
aattcgtcgatgagcatttcaatgaaatatataaggagagaataaaatgagcaacatttataaaagctac
ctattag
>Potential gene 54:41750..42037, 288 bp
atggaacaaatcacattaaccaaagaagagtgtgtcgaacaatgcatcaataaagacttaaaacttttag
attatcgagttcaacaaattttagaaggtgttctatcagaaagtaccacatacggtgatgcaagaaataa
attagaaacattgaaaattattgctgaatctcattttaaaaccgaacatgcttcagttatttacaaatta
gcattgaaaaagttagacaaaaaaatcaacgccactccaattaaagagtgacgaaaaaggaggatttcaa
atgtttaa
>Potential gene 55:42050..42799, 750 bp
atgcaagcattacaaacaaaatcgaacataggagaaatgttcaatattcaagaaaaagaaaatggagaaa
tcgcaataagtgcaagagagttatataaagctttggaagttaaaaagcgttttagcgcttgggcagaaat
taacttgaagcatttcaaagaaaatagggattttacaagtgtacttacaagtacggttgttaataacgga
gctgtaagacaactagaagattatgctttaacacttgatgtagctaaacatgttgcaatgatgtcaggta
cagaaaaaggttttgattttagagagtacttcatccaagttgaaaaagcatggaatagcccagaaatgat
tatgcaacgtgctttaaaaattgctaacaacacaatcaatcaattagaaacaaagattgaacgtgataaa
ccaaaaattgtatttgcagatgcagtagctactactaagacatcaattttagttggagagttagcaaaga
tcattaaacaaaacggtgtaaacatcgggcaacgcagattgtttgagtggttacgtcaaaacggattcct
tattaaacgcaagggtgtggattataacatgcctacacagtattcaatggaacgtgagttattcgaaatt
aaagaaacatcaatcacacattcggacggtcacacatcaattagtaagacgccaaaagtaacaggcaaag
gacaacaatactttgttaataagtttttaggagaaaaacaaacatcttaa
>Potential gene 56:42856..43065, 210 bp
atgaaacttctagttactttaaaggatggttcaaaaaaacatgtttcggatttaaagaaaattgtttttc
caggatatgaaggaattgaaactgttacaaaagaggaaatcgaaacattttttctagaccctactaaaac
ttatgtgtttgttggatctcaaactctaagtgtggaggcagggcaaatccttaccgttgaatttagctaa

>Potential gene 57:43058..43198, 141 bp
atgttacaaaaatttagaattgcgaaagaaaaaaataaattaaaactcaaattactcaagcatgctagtt
actgtttagaaagaaacaacaaccctgaactgttgcgagcagttgcagagttgttgaaaaaggttagcta
a
>Potential gene 58:43213..43659, 447 bp
atggaacaaatcacattaaccaaagaagagttgaaagaaattatagcaaaagaagttagagaggctataa
atggcaagaaaccaatcagttcaggttcaattttcaacaaagtaagaatcagccataacgattttgatga
aattaataaaaagtttgcttatacagaacgtttaagaggtgctgacaatctcggcttaggacatccatta
tctttgaagaaatatcaacacggaataggatgttatgaaaattacaaagcatacgctagtgaaattcatg
accacattagaaaacttacattatcagcttttggtgtaacgcttaattctgatttaaaagagagtgaata
cgatgaagctagcagaatgtatgacatgttgaagaacttttatttatatcgttaccaaaaacgaattgaa
accttgtcaattgaagatttcgaataa
>Potential gene 59:43672..43914, 243 bp
atgatatacaatttcgattatagtttgctgtacgaaagaatggcagagtatagatatagccaaagttctt
tagcgaacgcaatccctatttcaaggacatctattaatcacaagttgcaaggaaaaaatttatttacaca
atgggaaataaaacgaatctgtgaattattagaaatcccaccaacaaaagtaggtagatatttttttgaa
caaaatgtacagaaacctgtacaaatgtcgtaa
>Potential gene 60:44078..44794, 717 bp
atgaacagttttaaggatagattaaagcaaattatgtctgaacggaagatatctcaatcagagctatcaa
gaaggactggtattggtagaaactcaattagcgattatttaaacggaaaatatgaagcgaaacaagacaa
agtctttgaactagcaaaggctttaaacgttaacgaagcgtggcttatggggtttgatatttctaagaat
agaaaaattgaaaataacgacatcacttccatatacagtaaactcacgcctccaagacaaagcaatgtac
taaaatatgcgactaatcaattagaagaacaaaataatgacagtgataatctggtagatttcaattctta
cattcaagaaaaatccgaagtggatatatatggttgtgcgtcagctggtattggcgaaagattatataac
gagcctatttcaaaagaattcgtaagaggttatgtccccgcacatgatatagctttaaaagtaaatggag
actcaatggagccgttatttaaaaacggacaaattatattcattgaaaaatctcacactatcaaagatgg
acaaataggcgtctttattataaatggagatgcttacgtaaagaaagtttatgtagaagataatagatta
acgttggtttctttaaataaaaagtataaagatttatatttttatgataacgaaagtgtgaggttagttg
gaaaagttattttatag
>Potential gene 61:44806..45669, 864 bp
atgaaacctagaaagcaagatgaaaaaatattatcagatcaatacagttactttgaaccaataatcagcg
acagttgcgacataaaattcgacgaaaacaagaggagaatgggttctatattcatttcacatgaagagat
ttgttttataaggaaagaagaagattatatattcaaaatctcattatcagaggtgatagattataacact
gttgttactatttggaaaaaccaagcttttttaacattaaacgataatagaaaattaacagtttatttcg
taacaaactctcctttaacaggattcatctcaattttaaaaacttatatgcaattatctaagaataagga
aacaattatctcgaatgattgtctacctattaatgatgatgaacaaactaaagttgaaattttcgacgtc
gtaggattaaattatgaaggtcgtagaaaagaattaaagaaacttatcaagaaaatgaaaaataacgacg
atttctttttcttatatagtgatttgaaaggaaatgaacttaaagaagaattactttatgaagacaaggt
gtatgaaatttctgattacgaggttattcctggtgtatttttacaaaaagaaccggataatccttatgat
gaaaacgcgataaaagttatgatttcaaatgaatactctgaatttcacgttggatatgtacctagagagt
atgcttcaagattagtcaatcatatggacaacatcgtttcttgtaacgcatatattaatggtggtaagta
taaaactttagattatttagaagagaaaatcgttactaaagaatcagactatggattacgagtacattta
gaatacaaagtttgagataggtaa
>Potential gene 62:45734..45949, 216 bp
atggattttaaagaagttgacattaacattgaagagtgggaaatggttgaaatccccttttatacagaag
aagaactgacttatagattgaacaatggtttacctataactaaaagtgaacttgaagaacaggagtcgaa
aaaatgagtacttataaagaaattgaacacttacacatcaatactggtggtaaagagcttactcaagagc
aaatag
>Potential gene 63:45877..46146, 270 bp
atgagtacttataaagaaattgaacacttacacatcaatactggtggtaaagagcttactcaagagcaaa
tagaagaggctaaagcttttatagacagtcaagaatttaaagatatgattcgagaagctaaagaatcaca
tcaaagagttatggagtctaaaatcactgatagaactaaattgtgattaacagcgcctgtgtggcgcttt
aatataaaagacgtctatttcagcagtgtttgaaaggaagtttataatgaaaataactaa
>Potential gene 64:46133..46324, 192 bp
atgaaaataactaattgcaaaataaaaaaagaaactatagtatatgaagttttaactagtggtaatcaac
cattcacttatgagttacctaaagatttatcgtcacataatgcgtgtaaatacttggaatttatttcaca
aaaaatagatggcgataagttaaccaaagaagattcattatgattttactaa
>Potential gene 65:46390..47172, 783 bp
atgatgacgcataatatagaaaaacgcattaataaattaaaaacttctggaaatccaaaatttaaaaaat
tagattcagatattcactatttactcaagagatttgaaggtgaaaaaaaccataaaggtttttatccaaa
gtttaaacaaggagaaatagtttttgtagatttcggtataaacgttaataaagaattctctaattcacac
tttgcaatagtgatgaataaaaatgattctaatacggaagatatagtaaatgttattcccttatcttcta
aagaaaacaaaaagtatttaaagatgaattttgatttgaaatgggagtattatttaagattgtttttaaa
tttaattagcgcgcaaaataattcagctatattaaaagaagttttcgataaaaaataccaaaaaaacaac
acagaattcatcactaaagattattttagtgaatttatatctgatagtttagaaattgaaaataaattaa
ataaaattgacagaaacattaataacatagtatcagcaattgataaggtaaaaaaattaaaaggtaatag
ttacgcttgcataaattctttccagccgattagtaagtttcgcataagaaaagttttaccccaaaaaatt
aaaaatccagtaatagattcttcggatattatgttactgataaatagaattaataataatatattgcaga
ttcctgatataagatgatataattttaatatattaaaggtttatcctttaaaacacgtatatattcgtta
ccatttttggtaa
>Potential gene 66:47297..48334, 1038 bp
atgaaaacacgttgttacgatggtaaaaaatggcaatatgaatttaagtatgaaggaaaaagataccgta
agaaaggttttagaacaaagcgtgaagctaattctgctggactagacaagttaaatgagttaagaagtgg
ttttaatatagataactatataactcttgaagaatacttcgaaaattggattaaaacgtataaacaacct
gttgttaaagaaaatacctaccgtcattatagaaatgcattacaacatatacaaaaacataaaataggta
aaatggagttatcaaagataaatagacaagtttatcagaaattcataaacgattattcaaaagaacacgc
aaaagaaactataagaaaaacaaacggtgctattcggtcagctttagatgacgcattatatgatgggctt
atttttaaaaatcccgcttataaagttaattataaagccggaaaacctacgaagtcagaacaagaaaaat
tcatctcggtaactgaatatgaaatactaaaagatcacgtcagaaagaagagaactcgttcatcattagc
gctattcataatgatttgtacgggttgtcgtgtcagtggtgcaagaaatataaagattgagcatatcaac
caagtgaaaaacactatatttattgacgagcgaaaaaccgatacttcccctagatatatcagtatcgcta
aatctgatatgaaacacattatggacgtcataagtacatttgcaattagctatgatggttacattttcaa
agaagccggatctataattaaccttcatgctatcaataatgctttgaaatcagcctgtagagttaataat
ataccaattattacatcgcacgcattaagacacactcattgttcttatttactagcaaaaggtgtatcta
tacattacatttctaaaagattaggtcataaaaatatagcaataactacatccgtgtattctcatttgtt
agaagaaaaatttaatgaagaggacaaaaaaacaactaaaattttagaaagtatgtaa
>Potential gene 67:48391..49215, 825 bp
atgtatccaaactgggggcaatataaacgcgctgatttaatcggacaatcttcttatattaaaaataatg
atgtcgtaatattcaatgaagcatttgataatggcgcatcagataaattattaagtaatgtaaaaaaaga
atatccttatcaaacacctgtactcggtcgttctcaatcagggtgggacaaaactgaaggtagctactca
tcaactgttgcagaagatggtggcgtagcgattgtaagtaaatatcctattaaagaaaaaatccagcatg
ttttcaaaagcggttgtggattcgataatgatagcaacaaaggctttgtttatacaaaaatagagaaaaa
cggtaagaacgttcacgttatcggtacacatacacaatctgaagattcacgttgtggtgctggacatgat
agaaaaattagagctgaacaaatgaaagaaatcagtgactttgttaaaaagaaaaatatccctaaagatg
aaacggtatatatcggtggcgaccttaatgttaataaaggcactccagagttcaaagatatgcttaaaaa
cttgaatgtaaatgatgttctatatgcaggtcataatagcacatgggaccctcaatcaaattcaattgcg
aaatataattaccctaatggtaaaccagaacatttagactatatatttacagataaagatcataaacaac
caaaacaattagtcaatgaagttgtgactgaaaaacctaagccatgggatgtatatgcgttcccatatta
ctacgtttacaatgatttttcagatcattatccaatcaaagcctatagtaaatag
>Potential gene 68:49453..50325, 873 bp
atgtatacacgtacagctacaacaagtgatagtcaaaaaaatattactcaaagcttacaatttaacttct
taactgaacctaattatgataaagaaacagtatttattaaagcgaaaggaacaataggtagtggtttaag
aattctagacccaaatggttattggaatagtacattaagatggcctggatcttattcagtttcaattcaa
aatgttgatgacaacaataatacaaatgtgactgattttgcaccaaaaaatcaggatgaatcaagagaag
ttaaatatacgtatggttataaaacaggtggagatttttcgattaatcgtggagggttaactggaaatat
tacaaaagagagtaattattcagagacgattagttatcaacaaccatcgtatcgtacattacttgatcaa
tctacgtcacataaaggtgtaggttggaaagtagaagcatatttgataaataatatgggacatgaccata
cgagacaattaactaatgatagtgataatagaactaaaagtgaaatcttttctttaacacgaaatggaaa
tttatgggcgaaagataattttacgcctaagaataagatgcctgtaactgtttctgaagggtttaatcca
gaatttttagctgttatgtcacatgataaaaaagatgaaggtaaatcaaaatttgttgttcattataaaa
gatcaatggatgagtttaaaatagattggaatcgtcatggtttctggggctattggtctggtgaaaacca
tgtagataaaaaagaagaaaaattatcagcattatatgaagttgattggaagacacataatgtgaagttt
gtaaaagtacttaatgataatgaaaagaaataa
