
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:33..1121, 1089 bp
atgtcagaagtaaaagtgggggacgaagcagtagaacatttattgcgtgtcacttctggtttagattcaa
tcgtacttggagaaactcaaattttaggtcaaataagagatgcatttttcttagcgcaaagcacaggtac
gacaggaacaatttttaatcatctatttaaacaggcaattacttttgcaaaaagagcacataatgaaaca
gatatagctgataatgctgtaagtgtgtcttatgctgcggtcgagttggcgaaaaaagtatttggcaaat
tgaaaagtaagcaagctatcattattggtgcaggggaaatgagtgaattatcactattaaatcttcttgg
ttctggaattactgatattacagtagtaaatagaacaattgaaaatgctatgaaattagcagcaaagcat
caagtgaaatatgatgaactatcatcattaccaaatttacttgaaagtgcagatattgtgattagttcaa
cgagtgcacaatcttatatcattacaaatgaaatgatagaaagaattgcagaaaatagaaagcaagattc
actagtattgattgatattgcagttcctcgagatattgaacctggtattagtgccatcacaaacatcttt
aattatgatgttgatgacttaaaaggtttagttgatgcaaacttacgtgagcgacaattagcggctgcaa
caatttcggaacaaattcctgcagaaatacatgcacacaatgagtggattagtatgttgggtgttgttcc
agtgattagagctttacgtgaaaaagctatgacaattcaagcagaaacgatggacagtattgatcgtaaa
ttgccagggttaagcgaaagagaacgtaaaattatatcaaaacatacaaaaagtatcatcaatcaaatgt
tgaaagatcctattaaacaggccaaagaattaagtagtgataagaaaagtaatgaaaaattagagctatt
tcaaaatatatttgatatcgaagctgaatgtcctcatgagcaagcgaagcaacaaaaagaaagcaaggtc
aaggaaatttcagcacgacgtatctttagttttgaataa
>Potential gene 2:1143..2012, 870 bp
atgcaagaaaacctgtttattcgattcaatgaaattatattattaatatacttaatcagtatcatttgct
atttttatgattttgtccaaaaaagtcataagattagaagtttaggcatatatttattggggattgtttg
ggttttacaaacaatctctttatctatttttattatacaaactagacatattccattagggtctatttca
gatgtattctatactttaagttggctgattatttcaatctctttaattcttaaccttatcaaagttttga
atttctcagtgtttttcttgaatttaatagggctaacacttttagggatgaatacatttcaaccgacaca
ttatactaataaggttcagaaaattgctgttgtagacgagttactgttagtccatatcggtctagctgtg
ttaagttatgtcttctttgccttagcttttgtcaatgcattactgtatatcatgcaataccgtaatttga
aggaaaagcgttttgatcaaaaatactttagaataggtagcgttgctacacttgaatcaattgtgtttta
ctcaacgttaagtgggtggataattctcatatttagtattattttaggtacacagtggggtgtaatttca
gttggtgaacgtatattcattgacccgaaggtaatactctcttcaattattacagtattatatggaagtt
atattttacttagaatcaacaaatggttgaattcaagatatttaatatactataacattattttattttg
cttaaatatgattaatttattttttgcaacacattttgtgaattgagaaaataatctagagcaatccgtt
cctaggaggaattgaacatgcgtaaattag
>Potential gene 3:2000..2926, 927 bp
atgcgtaaattagtcgttggctccagaagaagtaaattagctttaacacaaagccagcaatttattgata
aattaaaagctgtcgagccaaatctagaaattgaaattaaagaaattgtcacgaaaggcgatcgtatagt
agataaacaattgtctaaagtcggaggcaaaggcttatttgttaaagaaatacaacatgaactttttgaa
aaaaatatcgatatggcaatacactcacttaaagacgtaccaagtgtaattccggaaggtttaacattag
gttgtatccctgatagagaattaccttttgatgcgtatatttctaaaacacatacaccactatcccaatt
gccagaaggcagtattattggtactagttcattacgtcgtggtgcacaaatattatctaagtatcctaat
ttagagattaaatggattagaggtaatatagatacacgattagaaaagttacaaactgaagattatgatg
cgattattttagctgcagctggtttaagaagaatgggctggtcagatgatattgtaacatcttatcttga
tagagatacattgttacctgcaatcggacaaggtgctttagggatagaatgtcgtagtgacgatgaagaa
ctattaacattattaagcaaagtacataatgatgaagttgcaaaatgtgtgactgctgaacgaacgtttt
tagcagaaatggatggtagttgtcaggtgccaattgcaggatatgctacaatctcagatcaaaaagaaat
cgaatttacaggtttaattatgaccccagatggtaaagaacgatttgaatatacaatgaacggaacagat
ccggttgagttaggcaaaacagtgagtaacaaattaaaagagcaaggtgcttatgaaattataaaacgct
taaatgaacaacattaa
>Potential gene 4:2930..3616, 687 bp
atggagtgacgtttaaatatgaagccagttgtagttatgacacaaacaaatgacatgcaaagtgatttag
tatcaattattcacaaaccctttattgatataaagccactaaattttgatattcatttgttaaatcaacg
ctatgactggcttgttttttcatctaaaaatgctgtgaaattcttttataaatatctaaaaggaattaat
gttgataacattgctgtgataggaagtaagacagcgcaatattgtgaatcacttggcattcgagttgatt
ttatgccaaacgacttttctcaagaaggatttttaaaatcatttaatcaaactaaccaaaaaatactttt
gccttcgagtgaattggcgagaccattgttattagcagcgttatctaaaaataatgaagttgttaaaata
gatttatatacttcagtgcctaacaaacaaaatatacaagatgttaaagaaatgatagaacatcaacaaa
tcgatgcattaacattttcaagttcgtcggcagtacgttattattttaatgaaggatttgtaccaaaatt
caagtcgtattttgctattggagaacaaacagcacggaccattaaatcatatcaacaaccagtaacaatt
gcagaaattcaaacactcgaatcactaattgaaaagattttagaaagtaggggctaa
>Potential gene 5:3619..4593, 975 bp
atgaaatttgatagacatagaagattgagatcatcagcgacaatgagagatatggttagagagaatcatg
taagaaaagaagatttaatatatccaatttttgtagttgaaaaagacgatgtgaaaaaagaaattaagtc
attgccaggtgtataccaaatcagtttgaatttacttgaaagtgaattaaaagaagcttatgacttaggc
atacgtgccattatgtttttcggtgttccaaactcaaaagatgatataggtactggtgcatacattcacg
atggtgttattcaacaggcgacacgtattgctaaaaaaatgtatgatgacttattaattgttgcagacac
ttgtttatgtgaatatactgatcatggtcattgtggtgtgattgatgaccatacacatgacgttgacaat
gataaatcattgccactacttgttaaaacagcaatttctcaagtggaagctggtgctgatattattgcgc
caagtaatatgatggatggttttgttgctgaaattcgtcgtggattagatgaagccggctattacaatat
tcctataatgagttatggtgtcaagtatgcatcaagtttctttggaccttttagagatgcagcagattca
gcgccatcatttggggatagaaaaacgtatcagatggaccctgctaaccgtttggaagcacttcgtgaat
tagaaagtgatttaaaagaagggtgcgacatgatgattgttaaacctgctctaagttatttagacatagt
tcgagatgttaaaaatcatacgaatgttccagttgttgcatataatgtgagtggagaatatagtatgact
aaagcggcggcacaaaatggttggatagatgaagaacgtgtcgttatggaacaaatggtttcaatgaaac
gtgcaggtgctgatatgattattacgtattttgcaaaggacatttgtcgctatttagataaataa
>Potential gene 6:4641..5927, 1287 bp
atgagatatacgaaatcagaagaagcaatgaaggttgctgaaactttaatgcctggtggtgtaaatagtc
cagtacgcgcatttaaatcagtagatacaccagcaatttttatggatcacggtaaaggttcaaaaattta
tgatatcgatggtaacgagtatatcgactatgtactaagttggggaccacttattttaggacatagagac
cctcaagttattagtcatttacatgaagcaattgataaaggtacaagttttggtgcatcaacattacttg
aaaataaattggcgcagctcgttattgaccgagtaccttcaatagaaaaagtgcgtatggtgtcatctgg
tacagaagctacattggatactttaagattagcacgtggttatactggcagaaataaaattgtgaaattt
gaaggttgctatcatggtcatagtgattcgttattaatcaaagctggttctggggtggcaacattaggat
tgccggattctcctggtgtgcctgaaggtattgctaaaaatacaattacagttccatacaatgatttaga
tgcacttaaaatcgctttcgaaaaatttggagacgatattgctggggtaatcgtagaacctgttgctggt
aatatgggtgtcgtaccgccgattgaaggttttttacagggattaagagatattacgactgaatacggag
cattgctaattttcgatgaagtaatgactggtttcagagtcggttatcattgtgcacaaggtcactttgg
tgtgacaccagatttaacttgcttaggaaaagttatcggtggaggactacctgtaggtgcttttggtggt
aaaaaagaaatcatggatcatatagcaccattaggaaatatttatcaagcgggtacgttatcaggaaatc
ctcttgcaatgacaagtggttatgaaacgttaagccaattaacgccagagacatatgagtattttaatat
gttaggcgatatacttgaagacggtttaaagcgtgtatttgctaaacacaatgtaccaataactgtaaat
agagcaggttcaatgattggttatttcttaaatgaaggacctgtaactaattttgaacaagcgaataaaa
gtgatttgaaattatttgcagaaatgtatcgagaaatggcaaaagaaggtgtgtttttaccaccatctca
atttgaaggtacattcttatctacggcacacacgaaagaagatattgaaaaaacgattcaagcatttgat
acggctttaagtcgtattgtaaaataa
>Potential gene 7:6123..7196, 1074 bp
atgacaatgatatatagaaataatttcattgtgttcgttttatcattttttattagtattatattgtatt
catcgcacgtattactcccatttatgtttggtcctattatcgcatcaatcatttgtgtgaaagttttcaa
acttgatattaaatggccattcttacttagtgaattaggtattgtactattaggtgtgcaaatcggatca
acgtttacgaaaaatgtcgttatggatattaaagacaattggctttcgattattgttgtatctatttcga
tattattaattgcattagtaatggcatttatttttaaaaaaattgcacgtattaatacagaaacagctat
tttaagtgttataccaggagcactaacacaaatgctggtcatggctgaacaagacaaacgtgctaatttg
ttagttgttagcttaacgcaaacatcacgaattatatttgttgttgttttagtaccgttcatttcatatt
tttttcatgatggtaacatgcatgcgaatggaaagttaacaaaagtcttgcctttatcacaagtattaaa
catagggcaaatagttattttagcgatagctatctttatagtttatctaattatgtctaaaataaagttt
ccaacatttcaattattagcaccactcattgtattaattgtttggaatttttctacagatttaacattta
cactagatcattggttgttgaacatggcacaactaatatatatgattagaattggagttcaaattgcgca
tttattgtcagatttaaaaggtagactagcaatcgcaattacaattcaaaatattatgttgataattggt
gcgctaatcatggtttatgttatacatttctttgataataatcctattaatgaattgtttcttggtgcag
caccaggaggggttaatcagatagttttagttgcattagctactggtgccgatgttgctatgattacgag
ttatcatattttccgaatctttttcatcctatttattattgcaccaggaattaattactttttaaaatat
cgttcgaataagcgtgaagattag
>Potential gene 8:7419..8018, 600 bp
atgattgacaaaataagtcaatgtataggtgggaataaaatgaatgattgcgcatttggaactaaagatc
cagtctacttagactatcatgattatgtatggggacaaccgctctatgatagcaaagcattgtttaaact
tttagcattagaatcacaacatgctgggctatcttggttaactattttaaaaaagaaagaagcctatgaa
gaagcattttatgatttcgaaccagaaaaggtagcgcaaatgaccgctcaagatatcgaccgcttaatga
cttttccaaatatcgttcatcatcgtaaaaaattagaagcaattgttaatcaagctcaagggtatttaaa
aattgaacaagcatatggtagttttagtaaatttttatggtcatatgtaaatggtaagcctaaagatttg
cagtatgaacatgcttctgatcgtatcacagttgatgatactgcaacacaactatctaaagatttaaaac
aatacgggtttaaatttttaggtccagtaacagtattttcgtttttagaagcagccggtttatatgatgc
acatttaaaagattgtccatcaaagcctaaacacaattaa
>Potential gene 9:8383..11013, 2631 bp
atggaaatgaaaccaaaatatgatcctcgtgaagttgaagcgggacgttatgaagaatgggtaaagaatg
gttattttaaaccgtcagaagataaatcaaaagaaacatatacaatcgttatcccgccaccaaatgtaac
tggtaaattacatttaggacatgcatgggatacaactttacaagatatcattacacgtatgaaacgtatg
caagggtacgatacgttatacttaccaggtatggatcatgctggtattgcgacacaggcaaaggtagaag
ctaaattaaatgaacaaggaataactagatatgatcttggtcgtgaaaagtttttagaacaggcatggga
ttggaaagaagagtatgcgtcatttattcgtgcgcaatgggctaaattaggtctaggtttagattatagt
agagaacgttttactttagatgaaggtttaagtaaagcagttaaaaaagtttttgttgatttatacaata
aaggaattatttatcgtggcgaacgtattataaattgggatcctaaagcacgtacagctttatctgatat
tgaagtaatacatgaagatgttcaaggtgcgttttatcattttaaatatccttacgctgatggtgaaggt
tttattgaaattgcaacaacaagaccagaaacgatgttaggtgatacagcgattgttgttaaccctaatg
acgaacgatacaaagatgtaatcggtaaaactgttatattaccaatcgtaggacgcgaactgcctatttt
agcagatgagtatgttgatatagacttcggttctggtgctatgaaagtgacaccagcacatgaccctaat
gattttgaaattggtcaaagacatcaattagaaaatattatcgttatggatgaaaatggtaaaatgaacg
acaaagctggtaaatacgaaggtatggaccgttttgattgtcgtaaacagctagttgaagatttaaaaga
acaagatttagttatcaagattgaagatcatgttcattctgtaggtcattcagaacgatctggcgctgtt
gttgaaccatatttatcaacacaatggtttgtgcgcatggaagacttagcgaaacgttcattagataacc
aaaaaacagatgatcgtattgatttttatccgcaacgtttcgaacatacatttaaccaatggatggaaaa
tattagagactggacgatttcaagacaattatggtggggtcatcaaattccggcttggtatcataaagaa
acaggcgaaatatatgttggagaagaagcgccaactgatattgaaaattggcaacaagatgaagatgtat
tagatacgtggttctcaagtgctttatggcctttctctacgttaggttggcctgatttagaaagtgaaga
ctttaaacgatactacccaacaaatgccttagttacaggttacgatattatcttcttctgggtagcacgc
atgatattccaaggcttagaatttacagatcgtcgtccatttaatgatgtattattacacggtttagttc
gtgctgaagacgggcgtaagatgagtaaatcattaggtaatggtgtggatccaatggatgttattgacga
atacggtgctgatagcttgcgttacttcttagcaacgggttcatctccaggacatgatttaagatactca
actgaaaaagttgagtcagtgtggaactttatcaataaaatctggaatggggcacgtttcagtttaatga
atatcggtgaagactttaaagttgaagatatcgatttaagtggtaacttatcattagcagataaatggat
tctaacacgtttaaatgaaacgattgcaacagttactgatctaagtgacaaatatgaattcggcgaagtt
ggacgtgcattatataatttcatttgggatgatttctgtgattggtacattgaaatgagtaaaattccaa
tgaatggtaatgatgaagaacaaaaacaagttacacgttcagtattgagttatactttagacaatattat
gagaatgctacatccattcatgccatttgtaacagagaaaatatggcaaagtttaccacatgaaggtgac
acaattgttaaagcttcatggccagaagtgcgtgaatcattgatttttgaagaaagtaaacaaacaatgc
aacaacttgttgaaatcattaaatctgtaagacaatcacgtgtagaagtaaatacgccattgtctaaaga
aatacctattttaattcaagctaaagataaagaaattgaaacaactttatcacaaaacaaagattattta
atcaaattctgtaatcctagtaccttaaatattagcactgacgtggaaattcctgagaaagcaatgacat
cagttgtaattgcaggtaaagtggtattaccattagaagggctaattgatatggataaggaaatcagccg
tttggaaaaagaattagctaaacttcaaagcgaattagatagagtagataaaaagctctctaatgaaaac
tttgtaagtaaagcacctgaaaaggttataaatgaagaaaaacgtaaaaaacaagattatcaagaaaaat
atgatggtgtgaaggcaagaattgaacaattaaaagcatag
>Potential gene 10:11026..12297, 1272 bp
atgaattacctagagagcttgtattggatacacgaaagaactaaatttggcatcaaaccaggtgttaaac
gtatggaatggatgctagcacaatttaataatcctcaaaataacattaagggtattcatgtaggtggcac
aaatggtaaaggatctacagttgcttaccttagaacagctttagttgaaaatggttatgaagtaggtaca
tttacgtcgccgtttattgaaacatttaatgaacgaattagtctaaatggtgtgccaatatcaaatgacg
ctattgtagaattagtatcacgtattaaaccagtaagtgaaatgatggaacgtgaaacagatttaggtgt
tgcaactgaattcgaaataatcacagcgatgatgtttttatattttggtgaaatacatcctgttgatttt
gtcattgttgaggctggattgggtataaagaacgattcgacaaatgtctttacaccggttttatcaatct
taactagtatcggtctagaccatacagatattttaggtggtacgtatctagatattgctagggataaagg
cgcgattataaagcctaacgttccagtgatatatgctgttaaaaatgaagatgcattaaaatatgttcgt
gaacgcgcaattgaacaacatgcaaagccaattgaattagatagagaaattgttgttgtatcgcaaaatg
atgaatttacttaccgttataaagattatgaattagaaacaatcattttaagtatgttaggtgaacatca
gaaacaaaatgctgcattagccataacagctcttattgaattaaatgaacaaggattaattgaattagat
ttcaataagatgatagacggtattgaatcagttcgttggactggacgtattgagcaggtgcatgacaaac
ctttaatcattttggatggcgcacataattcagagagtatagatgctctaattgatacaattaaacagta
ccatgataaagaaaaagtagatattttgttctcagcaataaacggaaaaccgattaacgagatggtcaaa
catttaagtttaattgcgcatacgttttatgcaactgaatttgattttccgaaagcgttacgcaaagaag
aaattgtaggtagtattgaaaatgatgaaatacaattagtagatgactacgttgaatttataaaaaatta
tcaaggtgatacattagtaattaccggtagtctgtatttcataagtgaagttaaatcaaaattagacttt
gaagcattataa
>Potential gene 11:12711..13292, 582 bp
atgccgattattagttttttattattaaaagggcgatgtcgaaactgtcgaaagcgtatttccctaacac
atttcttaggggaaacctttgctataatacctatcgtctttattaagtatgatttcacatacgtaaatgc
tacgctatttataactacatatgtttttctgcttatttttactatgaccgatatcacttctttaatgtta
gattgtcgcttaattataatttattgtatcgtttctctctcgttaagtatgatttatccagtagctttta
tcattattagtatgaccacgcatatattctactttttatttcgggcatatattggttatggtgacgtttt
actaatatctgcactttctttgtttttccctctccaattcactatttatgtcattttatttacatttgtc
attgctggtttagttgctttaattaccatgatatttaagccgattaaactattaccccttgttccattta
tatttatttcattttttatcaattcacttttttataatgatatccatcaatttttaggaggcgtatattt
ttgaaaattaaagaaatggtaa
>Potential gene 12:13286..13966, 681 bp
atggtaacttcagaaatgccaagagaacgtttgttaagccatggtgcaaaaagtctttcgaatacagaat
tattagctatattaattaacaccggaagaaaaggattctcgagcatagacattagtaatgaactgcttaa
atctgcttcgaatctgaatgaattgaaaaaatcttcaattaacgatttgatacaagttaaagggattgga
ttacaaaaagcaattactttaaaagcagcatttgagctaggggaaaggatggggagaagagctgaaaata
atcgtataaaaataacgcaaccaagtgatgttgctgattatatgattccaacaatgaaagatttaacaca
agaacattttgtcattttattgttaaattcaaaaaatgtagtgattaaagaaacctgtgtttttaaaggt
acattaaatagttcgattgtacatccacgtgaaatttttagtattgcggtgagagaaaatgccaatgcaa
tcatcgcagttcataatcatccatccggtgatgtaacgccctcacaagaagatatcataacaacaatgag
gttgaaggagtgtggtttgattttagggatagatttattggatcatattataatcggtgataatagattt
acgagtcttgtagaagcgggttactttgatgaaaatgattgaagttgatag
>Potential gene 13:14061..14309, 249 bp
atggtttataccatgcagttaaatattaaaaatgaacctgtaacaaagcgcaatctattaataacattag
ctttatctacgttaggtattttagtaacggcattagcaggtgtgattgttacaaaacaagcttttccttt
attaagtgtagcaataggctcaatttttacaggaatcgtttggggccttttactaagcggtagctatgcg
ctgatacgatttttatctaacgcatttgggcgtaagtaa
>Potential gene 14:14783..15256, 474 bp
atgagattgatatttagtatgattaaaaacattatagcagtaatagcaattgtgataattgtttatatcg
ccttgaaatacgcaccttttttaaaagaacaagattggaatcctgtaaatcacgataatgatcaaatgaa
tcaagttacgcaacccactaatgatgcccaacatgtttatgtaagtggtgagaaatattcattaaaagaa
aatgatttaataaagaatgtaccattaagccaaattaaaaatgtatttaaaatgatagataaacaagagt
ttatggctgtgtctggaatgaatcgcatggcttataatgatcaatatattataggtcaaagaggagacga
atttattctttataaatttggagatgagtcaatgcgtgtttacaatactgaatttgaaatgcaacaagac
ttaaatgaattagggcaaaatttacaactaaaacccgaaaatgcttatcaatag
>Potential gene 15:16015..16491, 477 bp
atgaatacaattgttattgataagggatctaaatcaggtataacttcaaatatggctgtgatgacatcaa
aaggttttgttggaagagttactaaagttaataaattttcttcacaagttgatttaatctcaactaatac
acgtgcgggtaaattatctgtaaatatacaacacggctctaaaaatatatttggcttaattgatcgttat
gatgaaaagaactcagaacttgtaattagtgatattaataatagagataatatctcaaaaggtgataaag
tcgttacaagtggattagctgatcaattaccaagtgatttatatataggagaagtgactaaggttcaaaa
tgatcaatatggcttagctaaagaagttaggattaagactggtgcagacttaacagatttgagtcatgtt
tatgttgcaaaaagagatcctaaaacaattcctgatgatgaaagcagggataaataa
>Potential gene 16:16491..17021, 531 bp
atgcgtacactgtattattttttgataggtattttactattttatatagatactgcaattgggcttctta
ttccaatgaacataggtaagtttgaacttgtatttgtaccacaccttacatttatgtatattttaatgat
ggtagtgtatcgtggctttggcgtatcattattgctcagcatatttttaggcgtaatgactgatgtatac
tttggtagtatttatggagtgtacttatttggctatatattgtttttagcacttatagatcgattcttta
aaattttttacaaagatcattcgatgttattcattattatattagccagcaccttattattagaagtcta
tgtggcattaatatacggtatgttaggattcattcaatttgatattattcattttgtagtctttagatta
ttgccaacattaattatgaattttgtactgttgattatgctttatccgttgattataaagttccttaaaa
aaacaaacaatgacattgacatgaaacgtcgtcaatggtaa
>Potential gene 17:17148..17774, 627 bp
atgaaaatgaccaccattgtcgtcataattgatatctggtctctcagatgtcaatcctataatcgcatta
acactaccaaacaatacagctgaagctccagcacaaacgatatcatgaccatattcaccatggtcagcat
ggccatccataataacgtctgttactttgccttcatcattaactgtaatatcaacagtaatcataataat
tacgcgttgattttatcgattgttaatttagtgtatggttgacgatggccttttttacgttttgaatttt
tacgacgtttgtatgtgaatacagtaatttttttaccgcgaccttgtttattaacagtagcagtaactgt
tgcaccttcaactgttggcgctccaactttaactgaatctccacctacaaataatactttatcaaatgta
aaagtatctccttcgtttacgtctaatttttcaacgaagatttcttgaccttcttctactttgatttgtt
ttccacctgtttcaataatagcaaacatactttgcacctcctgtataataagtcacgccatacataggtg
acatttcgttattgagtcaagcgtttgcactctacgttgtttcggtcgtaactcgagtcatttataa
>Potential gene 18:17224..17565, 342 bp
atggcgtgacttattatacaggaggtgcaaagtatgtttgctattattgaaacaggtggaaaacaaatca
aagtagaagaaggtcaagaaatcttcgttgaaaaattagacgtaaacgaaggagatacttttacatttga
taaagtattatttgtaggtggagattcagttaaagttggagcgccaacagttgaaggtgcaacagttact
gctactgttaataaacaaggtcgcggtaaaaaaattactgtattcacatacaaacgtcgtaaaaattcaa
aacgtaaaaaaggccatcgtcaaccatacactaaattaacaatcgataaaatcaacgcgtaa
>Potential gene 19:17571..17909, 339 bp
atgattactgttgatattacagttaatgatgaaggcaaagtaacagacgttattatggatggccatgctg
accatggtgaatatggtcatgatatcgtttgtgctggagcttcagctgtattgtttggtagtgttaatgc
gattataggattgacatctgagagaccagatatcaattatgacgacaatggtggtcattttcatataaga
agcgttgatacaaataacgatgaagcgcaactaattcttcaaacaatgcttgtgtctttacaaactattg
aagaagaatataatgagaatattagattaaattataagtgaggtgcattccgatgttaa
>Potential gene 20:17903..18187, 285 bp
atgttaaaattaaacttacaattcttcgcatctaaaaaaggggtaagttctacaaaaaacggacgtgact
ctgaatcaaaacgcttaggtgctaaacgtgctgacggtcaattcgtaacaggtggttcaattttatatcg
ccaacgtggtactaaaatttaccctggtgaaaatgtaggtcgtggtggcgatgatacattattcgctaaa
atcgacggcgttgttaaattcgaacgtaaaggtcgcgacaaaaaacaagtttctgtatatgcagtagctg
aataa
>Potential gene 21:18407..19699, 1293 bp
atgtttgtcgatcaagtcaaaatatctcttaaagccggtgatggtggtaatggtattaccgcatacagaa
gagaaaaatatgtaccatttggtggaccagctggcggtgacggtggtaaaggtgcttcagtcgtatttga
agtggatgaaggtttaagaacgttattagattttagatatcaacgtcattttaaagcaagcaaaggtgaa
aatggccaaagtagtaatatgcatggtaaaaatgcggaagatttagtattaaaagttccacctggtacaa
ttattaaaaatgttgaaacagacgaagtgttagcagatcttgttgaagatggtcaaagagctgtagtagc
gaagggcggtcgaggtggccgaggtaattcacgttttgcaacacctagaaaccctgcacctgacttcagt
gaaaaaggtgaaccaggcgaggaattagatgtatctttagaattgaaattattagctgatgtaggattag
taggtttccctagtgtgggtaaatcgactttattatctatcgtttcaaaagctaagcctaaaattggggc
atatcattttacaacgattaaaccaaatctaggtgttgtttcaacacctgatcaacgtagttttgttatg
gcagatttaccaggtttaattgaaggtgcatctgatggcgttggattaggacatcaatttttaagacatg
tagagagaacaaaagttattgttcacatgattgatatgagcggttctgaaggtagagaacctattgaaga
ttataaagtcattaatcaagaattagctgcgtacgagcaacgtttagaagatagacctcaaatcgtagta
gctaacaagatggatttacctgaatcacaagataatttaaacttgtttaaagaagaaattggcgaagatg
tgccagttattccagtttcaacaataacgcgtgataatattgatcaattattatatgcaatagcagataa
attagaagaatataaagatgttgacttcacagttgaagaagaggagtcagttggcattaaccgagtatta
tataaacatacaccgtcacaagataaatttacaatttcaagagatgatgatggtgcttatgtggtaagtg
gtaatgctattgaaagaatgtttaaaatgactgactttaacagtgatccagcagtacgtcgatttgctcg
tcaaatgcgttcgatgggtattgatgatgcacttagagaacgtggttgtaaaaatggtgatatcgttaga
attcttggcggagaatttgaattcgttgaatag
>Potential gene 22:19709..20167, 459 bp
atgatggacaataaagattataaaaagttttatttaattagagaagatgtcttgcctgaatccgtggtta
aaacattgaagattaaagatgccttaaaaagtgatccgacattgtccatttatgatgccgttaaacagtt
tgatctatctagaagtgctttttataaatatagagaaacgatatttccagtagacgataaaatgcttgac
catcgagaatttacattaattttatatgtaacagatattgtgggtatgttggcacgtgtactagatgtta
tatcaaagttagaactatctgtattaacgattcatcaaagtattccaatggaagaaaaagcaacaataac
attatcactgaatgctaaatctaaagaaactgcagtagaagatgttattggcgctttgagaaatttagat
tatgtatcaaaagtagaattaattagtatgagtatgtaa
>Potential gene 23:20181..20783, 603 bp
atgtacgcgtatgtcaaaggtaagttaacacatttatatcctacacacgtagttgttgaaactgctggtg
ttggttatgaaattcaaacaccaaattcttatcgttttcaaaagcaactagatcatgaagttttaattca
tacatctttaattgttcgtgaagatgcacaattattgtatggatttagtagtgaagaagagaaagatatg
ttcttgagtttaattaaagttactggtattggtccgaaatcagctttagctattttagcgacaagtacgc
ctaatgaagtaaaacgtgccattgaaaatgaaaatgatacgtatttaactaaattcccaggaattggtaa
gaaaacggcaagacagattgtcttagatttaaaaggtaaagtgaaaatcactgaagaagatagcgattca
ttattacaagtagacgctacttcgacggtgcaagatcaattcgtgcaagaagcaatgttagcgttagaag
cattaggttattctaaacgagagcttgcaaaagttgagaaaacgttaaataaaaataaatatgactcagt
tgatgaagctgttaaggcaggtcttcaattagttgtatcttaa
>Potential gene 24:20815..21819, 1005 bp
atgaatgagcgtatggttgatcaatcaatgcatagtgaagaaactgatttcgaattgtcgcttagaccta
cgagattacgacaatatattggtcaaaattcaataaaaagtaatttagaagtatttattaaagcggctaa
acttcgtcatgaaccattagatcatgtattgctttttggcccccctggattaggtaagacaacattatct
aatatcattgccaatgaaatggaagttaatatacgtacagtatcagggccttcattagaaagacctggtg
atttggctgcaattttatcaggacttcaacctggagatgttttgtttattgatgaaatacacagactgag
tagtgttgttgaagaagtgttataccctgcaatggaagatttctttttagatattatcattggtaaaggc
gatgaggctagaagtatccgtatcgacttacctccattcactttggtaggtgcaacaacgcgagctggca
gcttaacaggtccactaagggatcgatttggtgtgcacttaagattagaatattataatgaatcagattt
aaaagaaatcattattagaacagctgaggttttaggcacaggtattgatgaagaaagtgccattgaactt
gctaaacgttctagagggactccaagagtagcaaatcgactattgaagcgggtaagagacttccagcaag
tgaatgaagatgaacaaatatacattgaaacaacgaagcacgcattaggtttacttcaagttgatcaaca
cggactagattacattgatcataaaatgatgaactgtattattaagcagtataatggtggacctgttggt
ttagatacgattgccgtaacaattggtgaagaacgtattacaattgaggacgtttatgagccatttctta
ttcagaaaggctttttagaacgtacgccacgtggcagaaaagcaacaccattagcttatgaacattttgc
aaagtcgaatgaggagagagaataa
>Potential gene 25:21782..22846, 1065 bp
atgaacattttgcaaagtcgaatgaggagagagaataacgtgaattttgaagaatttgactatgacttac
cagaatcattaattgctcaaacgcctttaaaagatcgtgatcatagtcgtttattagtcatggatagaga
aactggtgaaatgaaacatttacatttcaaagatatcattgagtattttagacctggtgatacattagtg
cttaacgatacgcgagtaatgccagctagactttttggtttaaaagaagaaactggtgcaaaagttgaaa
tgttaatgttaactcaaattgaaggtaatgattgggaagtcttactgaaaccagctaagcgtattaaagt
tggtaataaattgaattttggtaatggcaaaattatagctgaatgcataaaagaaatggatcaaggtgga
cgcatcatgcgtttacattatgaaggtattttacaagaaagattagatgaattaggggaaatgccactgc
caccatacatcaaagaacgtttagatgatccagatcgttatcaaacagtttacgctaaagaaagtggttc
agcggcagcaccaacagcaggattacattttactgatgagttattaactgaaattaaaaataaaggtgtt
aatatcgcatttgttacattacatgttgggttaggtacgtttagaccggtgagcgtcgatgatgtgaatg
accacgaaatgcatagtgaatattatcaaatgacacaagaaacagctgatttattaaatgatactgagtc
caaaggacatcgcattatatcagttggtacaacttcaacacgtacacttgaaacaattcgacgcgatcat
gataaatttgttgaaacgagtggctggactaatatatttatttatccaggatttgattttaaagcaattg
atggccagattactaattttcatttaccaaaatcaacattagttatgctagtatcagcgtttagtactcg
tgaaaatgttctgaatgcttataaaacggcagtaaatttagaatatagattctttagttttggcgatgca
atgttaattatataa
>Potential gene 26:22869..24008, 1140 bp
atgcctgcagtaacatacgaacacattaaaacttgtaaacaatcaggtgcgcgtttaggtatcgtgcaca
caccacacggttcatttgaaacacctatgtttatgccagttggtactaaagcaaccgttaaaacaatgag
tccagaagagttaagacaaattgaagcaaaaatcattttgggcaacacatatcatttgtggttacaaccc
ggaaatgatattatcaaacacgctgggggattacataaattcatgaattgggatggtccgattctaacag
attcaggcggtttccaagtgtttagtttaagtaatttacgtaaaattacagaagaaggcgtggaatttag
acatcatactaatgggtctaaattatttttgagtcctgagaaatcaatgcaaattcaaaatgatttaggt
tctgatattatgatggcatttgatgaatgtccaccaatgcctgctgaatatgattatgtaaaaaaatcta
ttgaacgtacaacacgttgggcgaaaagatgtctagatgcacaccaaagacctgaagatcaagcattgtt
cggcattatacaaggtggcgaatatgaagatttaagagaacaaagtgcaaaggatttagtagaattagat
tttcctggttatgcaatcggcggtttgtcagttggtgaacctaaaccggttatgtataaaatggttgaac
atacagagcagtttatgcctaaagataaaccaagatatttaatgggtgtaggatctccagatgcgttaat
cgaatgtagtattcgcggcatggatatgtttgattgtgtcttaccgacacgtattgccagaaatggtact
tgtatgacatcgcaaggtcgtttagttattaaaaatgcaaaatttgcagatgatttaagaccgttagatg
agaattgtgactgttatacatgtcaaaactattcaagagcgtatatacgtcatttaatcaaggcagagga
aacttttggtattcgtcttactactattcataatttacattttctgctaaaattaatggaagatataaga
caagccattcgagaagatcgtcttttagatttcaaagaagaattcttcgagcaatatggattaaatgttg
agaacccaaaaaacttttaa
>Potential gene 27:24027..24287, 261 bp
atgcaattttcattactaatatatatagtcgtaatttttgcggttatgtatttcttgatgattagaccac
aacaaaaacgtgcgaaacagcatcgtgagttgattaataacattcaatctggtcaaagaattacaactat
tggtggtattaaaggtactgttaaagcagtagatgaaacaactgttgttattacagttaatggtcatggt
actgaattaactttcgaaaaacctgctattaaacaagttgacccttcataa
>Potential gene 28:24622..26841, 2220 bp
atggctgcaacttataaaagtgttataaagaatgtcaatttaggacttgatttgcaaggtggatttgagg
tgctttatcaagtcgatcctttaaataaaggcgacaaaatagataaaaaagccttacaatcaacagcgca
aacattagaaaatcgtgttaacgttttaggtgtttccgaacctaaaattcaagttgaagaacctaataga
attagagttcaacttgctggtgtaacagaccagaatgaagcacgtaaaattttatcttctcaggctaatt
taacaattcgcgatgcagaagataaagtaaaattaagcggttctgatattaaacagggatctgccaaaca
agaatttaaacaggaaacaaaccagcctacagttacttttaaagtaaaagacaaaaacaaatttaaaaaa
gtaacggaagaaatctctaagaaacgtgataatgtcatggttgtttggttagatttcaaaaaaggtgaca
gctataaaaaagaagcacaaaagaaaaaccctaaatttatttctgcagcaagtgttgatcaaccaatcaa
ttctgatagcgtagaaatctctggtggatttaaaggacaagaaggcgttaaaaaagcaaaacaaatcgcc
gaattgttaaatgcaggttctttaccagttgacttgaaagaaatttattcaaactcagtaggtgcacaat
ttggtcaagatgcattagataaaactgtgtttgcatcgtttattggtgtagcattaatttatttattcat
gcttggattctaccgattacctggtttagtagcgattattgcattgacaacttatatctatctaacgtta
gtagcatttaatttcatttccggggttctaactttaccaggattagcggcgttggtattaggtgtaggta
tggctgtagatgccaatattatcatgtatgagcgtattaaggatgaacttcgaataggtagaacgataaa
gcaagccttttctaaagcaaacaaaagttcgttcctaacaatttttgattctaacttaacaacagttatc
gccgcagcagtattattcttcttcggtgaaagttcagttaaaggtttcgcgacaatgttattattaggta
ttctaatgatctttgttacagccgtgttcttatcaagattcttattatcattacttgtttcatcaaatat
attcaaaaatcaattttggttatttggtgttaaaaagaataaacgacatgatattaatgaaggtgtagat
gttcatgaccttaaaacttcattcgagaaatggaattttgttaaattagctaagccattaattggagtaa
gtattttaattgtagttgtcggtttagttattctttatatcttcaagttaaacttaggaattgatttctc
aagtggtacacgtgtagatttccaatctaaacaagcaattactcaacaaaaggttgagcaagttgtaaaa
gatagtggacttaaagcggatcaaattcaaatcaatggtaaagataataaagtagcaactgttcaattta
aagacgatttaacgcgtgctcaagataataaattgagtgataatattaaatcgaaattcggtgacacacc
tcaaattaatactgtatcaccaattattggacaggaattagcaaaaaatgcaatgcttgcattaatctat
gcatcgataggtatcatcatctatgtatcattacgatttgaatggcgcatgggtctttcatctgtattgg
cattattacatgatgtattcattatagtagcgattttcagtttatttagaattgaagtagatttaacatt
tatcgccgctgtattaacaattgtcggttattcaattaatgatacaatcgtaacgtttgaccgtgtacgt
gaaaacttacaaaaggttaaagtgattacgacaacagaacaaattgatgatatcgttaatagatcaatta
gacagacaatgacacgttcaattaatacagtattaacagttattgtagtagtagttgctatactattctt
cggtgctcctacgatattcaactttactttagcattatttatcggattgatttctggtgtattctcttca
atcttcattgccgttccgctatggggaataatgaaaaaacgtcagctgaaaaaatcgccgaaacacaaat
tagttgtatataaagaaaagaaatcgaacgatgaaaagattttagtttaa
>Potential gene 29:27044..29326, 2283 bp
atgattaaaccgaagtataagtggaaattaactaaaccagctgaatacataagtgatgaattaacatcaa
aattaaagttaacgccaatcgtaaaaaaaatattagaaagtaaatcgattattgatgaacaaacaataga
agccatcatctcagatacagatatcaatcatgatgcactgcaattgagcgatatgactaagactattgaa
agaattaaaagagcgatagcgaatgatgagaaaatcctagtttatggtgattacgatgccgacggtgtta
cctcaactacaattttagtgacaacattacaacttttaggtgcacaagtaggatggcatattcctaaccg
ctttaccgaaggatatggaccaaacgaactagcatttagaaatgctcatgatgaaggcataacattaatc
ataactgttgataatggcatacaaggtcataatgaaattaaaatggttcaagatttaggagttgatgtca
ttgtaactgatcatcatgaaattggtagtacattaccagaagcatatgcaatcgtacatccaatgcatcc
atcgtttaattatccgttccaacaattgtgtggtgcaggtgttgcgtacaaattagcacaagcattgatt
gaaaatgtacctgattattttaaagcattagttgcgataggtaccattgcggatttagtatccttaactg
atgaaaatcgatcattagtgaaacaaggattaaaagtcttaaatgatcaatgtccgacctctgttaaagc
gttgctaaaagaagcgggatacaatgacaatattgatgaagaaacaattggttttattattggacctaga
cttaatgctgtaggtcgtttagatgacgcatcattagcttgcgaattgttgatgactgacgacgaagaag
aagctgcatttttagcagaacaagttgaacattttaaccgtgaaagaaaagatattgtagcaactatcac
agaagaagcaatggctatggcagaaacgaaagttaaaaagggagatttatttttacttttagcaaaagaa
aattggcatgaaggtgtcttaggtattgttgcttcgaaaattgtcgaaacatttgctttgccaacattaa
ttttaaatattgatagggagcaaaatcatgcaaaaggttccgccagatcaattgatcaagtgtcgatgtt
tgaaatactatcagcacatcaagagttaatcgctaaatttggcggccatcatatggctgcaggtatgacg
atggatattgaaaatatagaatcgttagctgaaggtttaaataaatggatgaaagaattatctaaaacaa
cttcgttagatcccgtaaagccagtagacgtattattaacagaaaatgatataacgattaaaaatattcg
tgatatgaatcgtttaagacccttcggaacagatttttctagacctatttttgaaatggatgatttgtca
gtttcttcagttaaggcgatcggtcaacaaaaaaatcatctaaaattgacacttggtgaaagtaatatcg
ccgcgctattttggcaaaatggtcacttagaacctgagttacaagatgaacagccaattaatatattagg
atctgttcaaatcaacgaatggaatggtaatcaatcaccgcaattaattattcaagatattgcgatgaat
gaacagcaaatattagattatagaagtaagcgaaaaagtttaccttttacagaaaatgatgaaaatattg
tcgtgcttattcatcctaaaagtgataaagtaaatgcgaatgaatattattatggtgaagaaattaaaca
tcaaactgataaagtagtattaagagatttaccaacgtcaatggaagacttgtctaattccttgcaacaa
ctgcaattttctcaactttatatagttttgcaacataatcattcgatttacttcgatggtatacctaata
tggatatttttaaaaagtgttataaagcattaataactaaacaagaaacaaatatccagaaagagggtat
gttattgtgtcaacatttaagtgtgaaaccagatacacttaaattcatgttgaaagttttcttagattta
aaatttgtaacacaagaagatggtttaattcgaatcaatcaacaacctgataaaagatcgattgattcca
gcaaagtatatcaattaagacaacaacgtatggatgttgaaaagcaattattatatcaagatttttcaga
aataaaaaattggataaagtcacaattgtcgtgagcaatttag
>Potential gene 30:29339..29857, 519 bp
atggatttaaagcaatacgtatcagaagttcaagattggccgaaaccaggtgttagtttcaaggatatta
ctacaattatggataatggtgaagcatatggctatgcaacagataaaattgtagaatacgcaaaagacag
agatgttgatatcgttgtaggacctgaagcgcgtggctttatcattggctgtcctgtagcttattcaatg
gggattggctttgcacctgttagaaaagaagggaaattacctcgtgaagtcattcgttatgagtatgacc
tagaatatggtacaaatgttttaacaatgcacaaagatgcaattaaaccaggtcaacgtgtgttaattac
agatgatttattagctactggtggtacgattgaagcagcaataaaattagttgaaaaattaggcggtatc
gtagtaggtattgcatttataattgaattgaaatatttaaatggtattgaaaaaattaaagattacgatg
ttatgagtttaatctcatacgacgaataa
>Potential gene 31:29985..30173, 189 bp
atgattgagcattataccttaataacatcgtttatttatttcataaattgtagtatcatagaactaatat
ttaaaaaatgaaacagtagatttaggtcgaatttttgtaaaagttttaaaagtaggaatagtatacaaat
taaactcgctcaagtaaaattaatattacgattaatgacgacaggataa
>Potential gene 32:30264..32474, 2211 bp
atgaatggggtgtatcatataatgaacaacgaatatccatatagtgcagatgaagttcttcacaaagcaa
aatcatatttgtcagcagatgaatatgagtatgttttaaaaagctatcatattgcttatgaagcacataa
aggtcagttccgaaaaaacggattaccatacattatgcatcctatacaagttgcaggtattttaacagaa
atgcgattagacggaccgacgattgtcgcaggttttttgcatgatgtaattgaagatacaccgtatacat
ttgaagatgtaaaagaaatgttcaatgaagaagttgctcgaattgttgatggtgtgacgaagcttaaaaa
agtaaaataccgctcaaaagaagaacaacaagctgaaaatcatcgcaagttatttattgcgattgccaaa
gatgtacgcgtaattttggtgaaattagcagacagattacataatatgcgtaccttgaaagccatgccgc
gtgaaaaacaaattagaatttctcgagaaacattagaaatttatgcacctttagcacatcgtcttggtat
taatacaattaaatgggaactagaagatacagctcttcgttatattgataatgtgcaatattttagaata
gtcaatttaatgaagaagaaacgtagtgaacgtgaagcgtatatcgaaacggctattgatagaatacgta
ctgaaatggaccgaatgaatatcgaaggcgatataaatggtagacctaaacatatttacagtatttatcg
gaaaatgatgaagcagaaaaaacaatttgatcaaatttttgatttgttggcgatacgtgttattgtcaat
tctattaatgattgttatgcgatacttgggttggtgcatacgttatggaaaccgatgccaggacgtttta
aagattatattgcaatgcctaaacaaaatttgtatcagtcattgcatactacagtagtaggtccaaatgg
agacccgctcgaaatccaaatacgaacgtttgatatgcacgaaattgctgagcatggtgttgcagcacac
tgggcttacaaagaaggtaaaaaagtaagtgaaaaagatcaaacttatcaaaataagttaaattggttaa
aagaattagctgaagcggatcatacatcgtctgacgctcaagaatttatggaaaccttaaaatatgactt
acagagtgacaaagtatacgcatttaccccagcgagtgatgttattgagttgccatatggtgctgtgccg
attgattttgcttatgcgattcacagtgaagtaggtaataagatgattggtgccaaggtgaatggcaaaa
ttgtaccaattgactatattttacaaacaggcgatattgttgaaatacgtactagtaaacattcatatgg
accaagtcgtgattggttgaaaattgttaaatcgtctagtgccaaaggtaaaattaaaagtttcttcaaa
aaacaagatcgttcatctaatattgaaaaaggccgaatgatggttgaagctgaaataaaagagcaaggat
ttagagtcgaagatattttgacagagaaaaatattcaggttgttaatgaaaaatataactttgcaaatga
agatgatttattcgcagctgtaggatttggcggcgtgacatccctacagattgttaataaattaactgaa
agacaacgtattttagataaacaacgtgctttaaatgaagcacaagaagttacgaaatcattgcctatta
aagacaacatcattactgatagtggtgtctatgtagaaggtttagaaaatgtacttatcaagttgtcaaa
atgttgtaatcctataccaggtgatgatattgtaggttatatcaccaaaggtcacggtattaaagtacat
cgcactgattgcccaaatattaagaacgaaactgaacgactaattaatgttgaatgggtaaaatcaaaag
acgcaactcaaaaatatcaggttgatttagaggtaactgcgtatgaccgaaatggcttgttgaatgaagt
actacaagctgttagctcgacagccggcaatttaattaaagtttcaggacgttcagatattgataaaaat
gcaataataaatattagtgtcatggtgaaaaacgtgaatgatgtttatcgtgtggtagaaaagatcaaac
aacttggtgatgtttatacagtaacaagagtttggaactag
>Potential gene 33:32486..32791, 306 bp
atgaaagtagttgtacaaagagttaaagaagcatcggtgacgaatgatacattaaataatcaaatcaaaa
aaggatattgtttattagtcggtatcggtcagaactctacagagcaagatgcagatgtaattgcaaagaa
aattgctaatgcaagattatttgaagatgacaataataaattaaactttaatatccaacaaatgaatggt
gaaatactatcagtttcacaatttactctctatgcagatgtaaaaaaggtaaccgtccaggtttctcaaa
ttctaaaaatcctgatcaagcggtaa
>Potential gene 34:32934..33809, 876 bp
atgaaaaaaatagaggcatggttatctaaaaagggtcttaaaaataaacgtactctaatagtagtgattg
cctttgtcttatttatcatctttttatttttattgctgaatagcaatagtgaagatagtgggaacatcac
gataactgaaaatgctgaattacgtacaggtccaaacgctgcgtatccagtcatatataaagttgagaaa
ggtgaccattttaaaaagattggtaaagtaggtaaatggattgaagttgaagatacatccagtaatgaaa
aaggttggatagctggatggcacacaaatttagatattgtcgcggataatacgaaggagaaaaatccttt
gcaaggtaaaacaatagtgcttgatcctggtcatggaggtagtgaccagggtgcttcaagcaatactaaa
tataaaagtttagaaaaagactatacgttgaaaacagcaaaagaattgcagcgtactttagaaaaagaag
gcgcaactgttaagatgacaagaacagacgatacatatgtttcactagaaaatcgtgatatcaaaggcga
tgcctatttgagtatacataatgatgcattagaatcatctaatgcaaatggaatgacagtttattggtat
catgataatcaaagagctttagcagatacgttagacgctacgattcagaagaaaggtctactttctaatc
gcggttcaagacaagaaaattatcaagtgttaagacaaacaaaagttcctgctgttttattagaattagg
ttatattagtaacccaactgatgaaacgatgattaaagatcaattacatagacaaattttagaacaagca
attgttgatggccttaaaatttatttttctgcgtag
>Potential gene 35:34270..35532, 1263 bp
atgattaaaatacctagagggacgcaggatattttacctgaagattcaaagaaatggcgttacattgaaa
atcaattagatgaattaatgacattttataattataaagaaataagaacaccaatttttgaaagtacaga
tctttttgcaagaggtgttggtgattcaaccgatgtcgtacaaaaagaaatgtatacatttaaagataaa
ggcgatagaagtattacattaagacctgaaggaacagctgcagttgtacgttcatatattgaacataaaa
tgcaaggtaatccaaaccaaccaattaaactttattacaatggaccgatgtttagatatgaacgtaagca
aaaagggcgctatcgtcaatttaatcaatttggtgtagaagctattggtgctgaaaatcctagcgtagat
gcagaagtattagctatggttatgcatatttatcaatcatttggattaaaacatttaaagcttgttatta
atagtgtaggggatatggcgtctcgaaaagaatataacgaagcgttagtgaaacactttgaaccagtaat
tcatgaattttgttcagattgtcaatcacgtttgcatacaaatccgatgcgaattttggattgtaaagtt
gaccgtgataaagaagcgattaagactgcacctagaatcactgatttcttaaatgaggaatctaaggcat
attatgaacaagtaaaagcttatttagatgatttaggtattccatatattgaagatcctaacttagttcg
tggattggattattatacacatacagcatttgaattaatgatggataaccctaactatgatggtgccatt
acaacgctttgtggtggtggccgttataatggtttattagaattgctagatggtccaagtgaaacaggta
ttggttttgcgctaagtatagaacgattattgcttgcacttgaagaagaaggtatcgaattagatattga
agaaaacttagatttattcattgttacaatgggtgatcaagcagatcgatatgctgtgaagttattaaat
catttgagacataatggtattaaagcagataaagactacttacagcgtaaaattaaaggacaaatgaaac
aagcagaccgtttaggtgccaagtttacaatcgttattggtgatcaagaattagaaaataataaaatcga
tgttaaaaatatgacaactggtgaatctgaaacaattgaattaggcgcattagtcgaatattttaagaag
tag
>Potential gene 36:35548..37314, 1767 bp
atgagtaagagaacaacttattgtggattagttactgaagcatttttaggacaagaaattacattaaaag
gatgggttaacaatcgtcgtgacctaggtggattgattttcgttgatttaagagatagagaaggaattgt
acaagtcgtgtttaatcctgcattttcagaagaggcattgaaaattgctgaaacagtacgttctgaatat
gttgtagaagttcaaggtacagttacgaagcgtgaccctgaaacagttaatcctaaaattaaaactggcc
aagttgaagtacaagttacaaatattaaagtgattaataaatctgagacaccaccattttctataaatga
agaaaatgttaacgttgatgaaaatattcgattaaaataccgttatttagatttacgtcgtcaagagtta
gcgcaaacatttaaaatgagacatcaaattacacgttctattcgtcaatatttggatgatgaaggtttct
ttgacatcgaaacaccagtactaacgaagtcaacacctgagggtgcacgtgactatttagtaccatctcg
tgttcatgatggtgaattttatgcattaccacaatcaccacaattatttaagcaattattgatgattagt
ggatttgacaaatactaccaaatcgtaaaatgcttccgtgacgaagatttacgtgcagatcgtcaacctg
aatttacacaagtcgatattgaaatgagttttgtagaccaagaagatgtgatgcaaatgggtgaagaaat
gcttaaaaaagttgttaaagaagttaaaggcgttgaaattaatggcgctttcccacgcatgacatataaa
gaagcgatgcgtcgctatggttctgataaaccagatacgcgttttgaaatggaattaattgacgtttctc
aattaggacgtgatatggactttaaagtatttaaagatactgttgaaaatgatggtgaaattaaagcaat
tgtcgctaaaggtgcggctgaacaatatactcgtaaagatatggatgctttaacagaatttgtaaacatc
tatggtgctaaaggattagcgtgggttaaagttgtggaagatggtttgacaggtccaattggacgtttct
ttgaaacagaaaatgttgaaacattacttacattaactggtgctgaagctggtgacttagtaatgtttgt
tgcagacaaaccaaatgtcgttgcacaaagtttaggtgcattacgtgtcaaattagctaaagaattaggt
ttaatcgatgaaacaaaattaaacttcttatgggtgacagattggccattattagaatatgatgaagatg
cgaaacgttacgttgcagcacatcatccatttacatctccaaaagaagctgatattgctaagcttggcac
tgcgccagaagaagctgaggcaaatgcttatgacatagtattaaatggttatgaattaggtggcggttca
atcagaattcatgatggtgagttacaagaaaaaatgttcgaagttcttggatttactaaagaacaagcac
aagaacagttcggcttcttactagatgcatttaaatatggtgcaccaccacatggcggtattgcattagg
attagaccgattagtcatgttattgactaatagaacaaacttgagagatacaatcgcattccctaaaaca
gcatctgctacatgtttattaacgaatgcgcctggtgaagtttctgataaacaattagaagaactttctt
tgcgaattcgtcactaa
>Potential gene 37:37775..38548, 774 bp
atgaaacatcaattttcaagaaatgaactagcgattggacaacaaggtttagatttattgaagcaacaaa
ctgttgtcatacttggcgttggaggtgttggttcatttgctgctgaagcattagcaagaacgaatattgg
tcatattatattaattgataaagatgatgttgatattacaaatgtaaacagacaattacatgctttaact
acaacggtaggacaaagtaaagtttctttgatggaagaacgtattaaattaattaatccagattgtaaag
tcacacctttacatatgttttatacagaagagacatatgaagaaattttcgataattacgatatagatta
ttttgtagatgcaagtgatacaataatgtacaaagtacacttaatgaaagagtgtcttgaccgagggatt
aaagtgatttccagtatgggtgctgcaaataaaacagatccaacacgttttacaatttcagatatctcta
aaacacataccgatccaatggccaaaattattcgtcaaaaattgaaaaaactaggaattcgtaaagggat
tccagttgtattttcagatgaaagtccaattgtcataagagaagatgtaaaagatatagttggagataaa
aatgctatcaatcgaaaaggacaaatgccaccttcttcaaatgcctttgtgccaagtgttgttggattaa
tttgtgcaagttatgtggtgaatgacgtattaaaagatattccagttcgtcgcattaaagacaaagggca
ataa
>Potential gene 38:38709..39956, 1248 bp
atgcgcccaaaaaatatagatgaaatcatttcccaacaacatttagttggaccaagaggcattatcagaa
gaatggttgatacaaaaaaattaacttcaatgattttttatggtccacctggtataggcaaaacaagtat
tgccaaagcaatttcgggcagtacgcaatataaattcagacaattgaatgctgtaactaacactaaaaaa
gatatgcaacttgttgttgaagaagctaaaatgtctggtcaagttatcttgttattagatgaaatacatc
gactagataaagctaaacaagactttttattacctcatttagaaaatggcaaaatcgtcttgatcggtgc
tacaacttcaaatccttatcatgctatcaatccagcgattcgttcaagagcgcaaattttcgagttatat
cctttaaatgacgaagatgtgcgccaagcgttaactcgtgcaatagaagatgatgagaatggtttgaaaa
catatcaacccaaaattgatgaagatgccatgacctacttttctacacaaagccaaggtgatgttcgtag
tgcgttaaatgcattggaattagctgtattaagcgcagataatgacaaagacggttatcgacatgttaca
ttgcaagatgctaaagactgtttacaaaaaggtgcatttgtaagtgataaggatggtgacatgcattacg
atgttatgagcgctttccaaaaatctatccgtggtagcgacgtcaatgccgctttacattatttagcacg
attaattgaagctggagatttacctacaatagttcgacgattacttgtaattagctatgaggatataggc
ttagcctcacctaatgctggtcagagaacacttgctgctattgaatcagcagaacgtctaggtttaccag
aagctagaattccactaagccaagcagtaatcgaactatgcttatcacctaagtcaaattcagcaatgag
tgccattgatagtgcattgtccgatattagaaacggtcatgtgggccaaattccaaaccatttaaaagat
ggacattatcaaggtgctaaagatctaggccgatctattggttacaaatatccacaccaatatgttaatg
gctatgtttcacagcaatatttacctgataaacttaaaaacaaaatttattatgaaccaaaaacgacatc
taaaagtgaacaacaacttaaagaaatatataacaacttacttaaacaaaggccgtaa
>Potential gene 39:40061..40477, 417 bp
atgtatccgtctaaatcttcgcttgtatctacatattccgctaaatatttcaatgttgtattatctaaaa
catctctcactgcatctctcatgcgaatccatagttgtttttgcgcaggtggttctgattcaatactttc
aacaaatgtaattggaccttccaacagtcttataatatcccctgctgagatttcttccgctggcactctt
aattggtatccacctttagcaccgcgtacacttcgaattaaccccgcatttcttaaaggacctacaagct
gttctaaatataaatcactcaaattattttcttcagcaattgactttaatgatatacatccttgcccctc
ttttttagcaagagaaatcatcaatgtaagtccatatctccctttagtagaaattttcattgtataa
>Potential gene 40:40068..40490, 423 bp
atgaaaatttctactaaagggagatatggacttacattgatgatttctcttgctaaaaaagaggggcaag
gatgtatatcattaaagtcaattgctgaagaaaataatttgagtgatttatatttagaacagcttgtagg
tcctttaagaaatgcggggttaattcgaagtgtacgcggtgctaaaggtggataccaattaagagtgcca
gcggaagaaatctcagcaggggatattataagactgttggaaggtccaattacatttgttgaaagtattg
aatcagaaccacctgcgcaaaaacaactatggattcgcatgagagatgcagtgagagatgttttagataa
tacaacattgaaatatttagcggaatatgtagatacaagcgaagatttagacggatacatgttttatatt
taa
>Potential gene 41:40590..40772, 183 bp
atggcagacgaaagtaagttcgatcaatttaaaggaaatgttaaagaaacagtaggtaacgttactgata
acaaagaattagaaaaagaaggtcagcaagataaagcgactggtaaagcaaaagaagttgttgaaaatgc
taaaaacaaaataactgatgcaattgataaacttaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 42:41195..42208, 1014 bp
atggcgattaaatattcagcattaaaccttgtcccaattcgagaaggtgaagatgaacgaacagcaatta
atgatatggttaagctcgcacaacatttagacgaattatcatatgaaagatattggattgctgaacacca
taacgctcccaacctagtaagttcagcgactgctttattgattcaacatacgttagaacatacgaaacac
atacgtgtaggttctggaggaatcatgttacctaaccatgctccattaatcgttgcggaacaatttggca
cgatggcaacattatttccaaatcgtgtcgatttaggattaggacgtgcacctggaacagatatgatgac
cgcaagtgcattaagacgagatcaacatgatggtgtttataaatttccggaagaagtttcattattacaa
caatatttcggtcccgctcaccaacaagcatatgttcgtgcttatccagcagtaggtaaaaatgtgcctt
tatatattcttggttcttcaacagattctgcacatttagctgctcgtaaagggcttccatatgtgttcgc
tggacattttgcacctcaacaaatgaaagaagctatcgaaatttacaaaacgttatttgaaccttctgat
gtattagacgaaccttatgttattgtatgtttaaacacaatcgttgctgaaaatgatgaagaagcacaat
atttagcttcatctatggcacaagttatggttagtatcactcgtggcagaatgcagcccgttcaaccgcc
aacacatgatctacaaaatatattaacgccgagagaatatgcgatggctatggaaagacagaaaatatca
ttaataggttcagaaaatactgttcaacaaaaaattcaagattttatggaaacttatggtgaagtcaacg
aaattatggcaataagttatatttatgataaagatatgcaattagactcttatcgtcggttcaagaatgt
tataaatcagataaatgaaaaaaacactttataa
>Potential gene 43:42520..43662, 1143 bp
atggaaatttatgcagattatgctgcgaccacaccagtaaaacctgaagtagtagatgcgatgatgacga
tttacaattcgcattatggtaatccatcatcaatacatgctaagggaagagatgcgcgtaaatatttaga
tgagtcaagacgtcaaattgcacaattacttggtgcagatacacatgaaattatatttacgagtggtgca
acagaatcgaataatacggcaattaaaggcatagtaaaagcaaatgaacaattgggtaatcacattatca
catcgaagattgaacatcattctgtgttacatgtttttgaacaattagagcgagaaggttttgatgtaac
atatctagatgttgatgatacaggtgctattgatttagatcaacttgaagaaacaattacagataagacg
attttagtatctattatgtttgtaaataatgaagttggcacagtgcaacaaatttatgatattcaagata
ttattgctgagacaaatgcatatttccatgttgatgcggttcaagcaattggacatcttgatgttaagtt
tgacgaatttgagatcgacgcaatgagtattactgctcataagtttggcggaccaaaaggtgtcggtgca
ttattagttaaagaccatgtcacattagattatcctcaacttggcggtgaacaagaattgaaacgccgtg
caggtactgaaaatcttgcacaaattgtcgggatggctaaagcattacaattagcagaaaagaatcgaga
cgataacaatattcatttaatgaatttaaaagaacaatttttagttaaattacaagaaagagcgattcca
tttgaattaaatggttcaatgacggatgctacaggccatattgtaaatctatattttccgtttgttgaag
ttgaaacgatgttaacattgttggatatggcacaaatctatgtgtcgtctggatctgcatgtacagcagg
ctctacacaaccgtcgcatgttttagatgcaatgttcgaagatgaagagcgatcaaatcattcgattcga
tttagttttaacgaattgactactgaaaatgaaattaatgcaattgtagctgaaattcataaaatatatt
ttaaatttaaggaggagtcataa
>Potential gene 44:43696..44781, 1086 bp
atgtcaggcggtgtagatagttctgtaacagctcacgtcttaaaagaacaaggttatgatgtcattggca
tatttatgaaaaactgggatgacactgacgaaaatggcgtatgtactgcaactgaagattacaacgatgt
tattgaagtgtgtaatcaaattggcattccatattacgctgttaattttgaaaaagaatattgggataaa
gtctttacgtatttcttagatgaatataaaaaaggtcgtactccaaacccagacgttatgtgtaataaag
aaattaagtttaaagcctttttagatcatgcgatgaatttaggtgcagattatgtagcaacagggcatta
cgcacgcatacatcgtcatgaagatggtcatgttgaaatgttacgtggtgtagataataataaagatcaa
acatacttcttgaatcaattatcccaacaacaactttcaaaagtgatgttcccaattggcgacatcgaaa
agagtgaagtgcgtcgaattgctgaagaacaaggactagttactgctaagaaaaaagattctacaggtat
ttgttttatcggcgaaaaaaactttaaaacatttttatctcaatatttacctgcgcaaccgggtgatatg
ataacacttgatggtaagaaaatgggtaaacatagtgggttgatgtattacacaataggacaaagacatg
gtttaggtataggtggagatggcgatccttggtttgttgtcggtaaaaatctaaaagataatgttttata
tgtagaacaaggattccatcacgatgcattatacagtgattacttaattgcttcagactattcatttgta
aatccagaagataatgacttagatcaaggttttgaatgtacagctaaatttagatatcgccaaaaagata
cgaaagtttttgtgaaacgtgaaaacgaccatgcactacgtgttacttttgctgagccagtaagagcaat
cacacctggacaagcagttgttttttatcaaggtgatgtgtgtcttggtggagcaacaattgacgatgtg
ttcaaaaatgaaggtcaattaaattatgttgtataa
>Potential gene 45:44803..45078, 276 bp
atgcatagggagtgggacagaaatgatatttttacaaaattaatttgtttaccccaacttccattgccgg
ttgaatttctttacgaaattctctatgttggggccccgccaacttccattgcctgttgaaattggggttc
caatttctctgtgttggggccccgccaatataacattgtagagcctaggacattgtgatgtcccagactc
tatcatcatgaattattctcatcaaaaactgtctttcgtcatttccaacgctgaaacttcaaataa
>Potential gene 46:45298..45966, 669 bp
atgatagatcaacaaacaatttatcaatacatacaaaatggaaaaatagaagaagcgttacaagcattgt
tcggaaatatcgaagaagatcctacaattattgaaaattatattaatgccggtatcgtacttgctgatgc
gaatgagattgaaaaggcagagcgctttttccaaaaagctttaacaatagatccgaagaatggcgtagta
ttttataatctagcaaatgtatattataatcagcagcgttatcaagaagctattaaattatatcaacaag
cattacaaacagagattgaacaagttgattgtaattatatgatcggtatggcgtttaatcagttagaatc
atttaagctggcattgccgtatttaatgactgctgcggaactagataaagacaaagatgcagaagttcaa
tttcaatatggtcttgtattatgtcaattagaaatgtttaatgaagccataactcaacttaaacatgtat
taacgattgataaaaatcatgttgatgcaagatacaatttgggcttagcgttatttatgaaaaatgaaga
tattgatgaagccataactcattttaaagaagctgtgactatcgaccctaaacacttattaagtcagcat
gcgctgaaaacattcactaaaatgaaagaggaggaatag
>Potential gene 47:45926..48457, 2532 bp
atgcgctgaaaacattcactaaaatgaaagaggaggaatagcatgtcagaccctacactatttgattatt
caatgatcaaaggtactgttgaagcgatattgtttcaaaacagtgataatttttatacagtgcttaaagt
agatactattgaaacaaatgaagactttgatacaatgccaactgttgtagggtttcttccgaatattgtt
gaaggcgatgtctacacatttaaagggcaagttgttgatcatccacgttatggtaaacaattaaaagcag
agacttttgaaaaagaaatgccacaaacgaaagaagcaattataagttatttatcaagtgatttgtttaa
aggtgtaggtaaaaagacagctcaaaatattgttaatgcattaggtgacaatgcgataaatgatatctta
gatgaccattcagtgctagaaaaagtatcgggattatctaaaaagaaacagaaacaaattgcagaacaaa
tttcagcaaaccaagaatctgaaaaaataatgattcgtttacatgatttagggtttggccctaaactttc
aatggcaatttatcagttttatctcggtgatacactgactattttagaccaaaatccatatcaattgatt
tatgatattaaaggtattggttttaataaagcagatcaacttgctagaaatattggtatcgcttataacg
ataatgaacgattaaaagctgcgttgctctatacgttagaagaagaatgtattaaacagggacatacata
tttgcctatcaatgttgttatagatttaacggttgatgtattaaattatcaagatgaagaggtcatcgaa
cctgaaaaattagacgaaatgttgcaatacttaaatgaggaaaaacgactaattattgacaatgaacaag
ttgcaattccaagtttgtattattctgaaatcaaaagtgttcaaaacttattcagaataaagacgcatac
aaataaacttacagaaattgaacagtcagatttacaaatgcatattggtgaaatagaagatgcgaatcaa
gtgaactatgcagcttcacaaaaagaagctttgcaaacggctatcaattctaaggtgatgctattaaccg
gtggaccgggaactggaaaaacgacagtaattaaaggcattgtagaattatatgctgagattcatggctt
atcattagattatgatgattatgtcaatgatgattatccagttgtattagcagcgccaacaggaagagcg
tccaagagactacaagagtcaactggattagaagctatgacgattcatcgtttaataggttggaatcaag
acacaaagccagaggatatattagaaaatgaaataaacgcacgactcataatcattgatgagatgtctat
ggtagatacttggttgtttcaccaatttttaagtgcagttcctttagatgcacaattgatatttgtaggt
gatgaggaccaattgccttctgtaggtcctggtcaagtatttaaagatttaattgaatcgaaagctatac
cacgagttaatctgactgaagtatatcgtcaacaagatggttcaagcattatagaattagcacatcgaat
gaaattgggtcagaaaattgatattacacagcgttttcatgatagaagttttattaactgtcaggcaaac
caaataccaacagttgttgagaaggtagttactagtgctgttaataaagggtatactatggctgatattc
aagtgcttgcaccaatgtataaaggaaatgccggtattaaacgtttaaatcaagttttacaagatatttt
aaaccctaaaaagaaagacacacgagaaattgagtttggtgatgtagtctttagaaaaggtgacaaagta
ttacaacttgttaataggccaaatgataacatattcaatggtgacataggagttattgttggtatttttt
gggcgaaagaaaatgcccttaataaagatgtacttgttgtggatttcgaaggtaatgaaattacatttac
gaaacaagatatgatggaattaacgcatgcttattgtacatcaatccataaatcacaaggttcagaattt
cctattgttatcatgcctattgttaaacagtattttagaatgttacaaagaccgatattatatactggtt
taactagagcgaaaacgagtttagttttacttggtgatccagaagcatttgatattggattgaaaacaaa
tggtcaagcgcgtttaacacaattatgtacattgttgaaaaattattttaattcagaagatgaagaaatg
ctagaaaacacagcaactaatgatacaggagcttcacaaacgacaatagatgatcaagtagaagcgccaa
tgccatcgaatgatagtgaagaagttacgtctgattcaacaaaaacagatacaaatgtattaacggaagc
tacaatgtttaaaattgacccaatgattaatatgggagaaatcacgccgtatgactttatagaacgttga
caacaagcgtaa
>Potential gene 48:48785..51418, 2634 bp
atgatgaaaaagttaaaagcgagtgaaattagacaaaaatatctagatttctttgttgaaaaaggacata
tggttgaaccttctgcaccattagtgccaattgatgatgatacattattatggattaattcaggtgtagc
aacattaaagaaatattttgatggacgtgaaacacctaaaaagccaagaattgtaaactctcaaaaagct
attcgtacaaatgatattgaaaatgttggtttcacagcgcgtcaccatacattctttgaaatgttaggta
acttctcaattggtgattattttaaacaagaagcgattgaatttgcttgggaatttttaacgagtgataa
atggatgggaatggagccagataaattgtacgttacgattcatccggaagatatggaagcatacaacatt
tggcataaagatattgggcttgaagaaagtcgtattattcgcattgaaggtaacttctgggatattggtg
aagggccttcaggaccgaacactgagattttctatgatcgcggagaagcatatggacaagacgatccggc
agaagaaatgtatccaggtggagaaaatgaacgctatcttgaagtatggaacttagtatttagtgaattc
aatcataataaagatcatagttacacaccattacctaataaaaacattgatactggcatggggcttgagc
gtatggcctcagtttctcaaaatgtacgtactaactatgaaacagatttatttatgcctataatgaatga
aatcgaaaaagtatcaggtaaacaatatttagtaaacagcgaacaggatgtggcatttaaagtaattgct
gaccacattcgtacgattgcatttgcaatttctgatggtgcattacctgccaatgaaggtagaggatatg
tattacgtcgattgttacgtcgtgccgttcgttttagtcaaacgttaggaatcaatgagccatttatgta
caaacttgttgatattgttgcagacattatggaaccatattatccaaatgttaaggaaaaagcagatttc
attaagcgtgttataaagtctgaagaagaacgattccatgaaacattagaagatggcttagcgattttaa
atgaattaattaaaaaagctaaagcgacaacaaatgaaattaatgggaaagatgcatttaaattgtatga
tacgtacgggttcccaattgaattaactgaagaaatagcagtgcaagcaggattgaaagttgatatgaca
acattcgagtcagaaatgcaacaacaacgtgatcgtgcacgtcaagcacgtcaaaattctcaatcaatgc
aagttcaaagtgaagtattgaaaaatattacatctgcaagtacttttgttggttatgatactgcgacagc
tcaaacaacactaacacacttgatatacaatggcgaagaagtttcacaagttgaagcgggtgaaacagta
tacttcatgttaacggaaacaccattttatgcagtcagtggtggacaagttgcggatacaggtattgttt
ataatggcaattttgaaattgctgttagtgaagtaaccaaagcaccaaatggtcaaaacttgcataaagg
agtagtacaatttggccaagtaaatgttggcgctacagtgtctgctgaagtgaaccaaaatgatcgacgt
gacattcaaaagaaccatagtgcaacacatttattacatgcagcgttgaaatcagtactgggtgatcatg
ttaaccaagctggttcactagtagaagcagatcgtttacgttttgatttctctcattttggtccaatgac
taaggatgaaattgatcaagttgaacgcttagtaaatgaagaaatttggaaaggtattgacgttaacatt
caagaaatggatattgcttcagctaaagaaatgggcgcaatggcattattcggtgaaaaatatggtgatg
ttgtgcgtgtagtaaatatggcaccattttcaattgaattatgtggtggtattcatgtccgcaatacttc
tgaaattggcttattcaaaatagtaagtgagtcaggtacaggagctggtgtgcgtcgtattgaagcatta
acaggtaaagcagctttcttatatttagaagatattcaagagaaatttaatacgatgaaatcacagctga
aagtgaaatctgatgatcaagtagtcgataagttaacacaattacaagatgaagaaaaagcattattaaa
acaattagagcaacgtgacaaagaaattacatcacttaaaatgggtaatattgaagatcaagttgaagaa
atcaatggctataaagtattggttactgaagtggatgtaccaaatgcgaaagcaattcgctcgacaatgg
acgattttaaatctaaactacaagatacaattatcattcttgcaagtaatgttgatgataaagtatcgat
ggttgcaactgtccctaaatctttaacaaataacgttaaagccggtgatcttatcaaacaaatggcacca
atcgttggtggtaaaggtggcggtcgtccagatatggctcaaggtggcggtacacaacctgaaaatatct
caaaatcattaagctttattaaagattacattaaaaatctataa
>Potential gene 49:51481..51741, 261 bp
atggaaaactttgataaaacaatgaaattcgactatgaagaacttccaacacaagatgtaagagatgttt
taaataatgtttatcgaacattagatgaacgaggatataatgccgtaaaccaaattgtaggttatttatt
atcaggtgaccctgcgtatattccacgccaaaatgaagcaagaaatcaaattcgtcatattgatagagat
gttattatggaagagcttgtttcttactatttaaaagagcaaaataaataa
>Potential gene 50:51745..52173, 429 bp
atgttacaacataaaattttaggactcgatgtcggtagtagaacggtaggaattgcaattagtgatataa
tgggttggacggcacaaggattagacacactccgaatcaatgaagaaaataatgaattaggtattgacca
attagtagacattattaaaaaacataatgtgggtacagtcgtaataggactacctaaaaacatgaataat
tcaataggatttcgaggcgaagcttcgttaacatataaagaaaaattattagaagcttatccttctattg
agattgtgatgtgggatgaaagattaagcacaatggctgctgaacgatcattattagaagcagatgtttc
aagacaaaaaagaaaacaagtgattgataaaatggcagcggtatttattttacaaggctatttagattca
ctacattaa
>Potential gene 51:52188..52496, 309 bp
atgactgaacataatcatgattcacaactagaaattaataacgaagaagaattattaactttattcgatg
aagagggaaatgaagttttataccgaaaagttttagaattttatcatcctgaattcaaaaaagagtatgt
tatcttagctgaagaaggtgctcaatcagatgaagacgatatgattgagcttgtaccaatgatcaatgaa
ccagatgagtcaggtgacggtggtaagttagtaccaatcgaaactgatgaagaatgggacatgattgaag
aagttgtaaatactgaaatggaagaataa
>Potential gene 52:52781..53455, 675 bp
atggatgacctaaataaaaaatatttaatagatttacatcaacatcaaaatagttcaatcgaagttttgc
gtgaatttgccgaagtaaatgaagtgccaatcgtagatcgtttaacattagatttaattaagcaattaat
tcgtatgaataatgttaaaaatattttagaaattggtacagcaatcggctatagttctatgcaattcgct
tctatatctgatgacattcatgtcacaacgatagagcgtaatgaaacgatgattcaatatgctaaacaaa
atttagctacttatcattttgaaaaccaggttcgaattattgaaggtaatgctttagagcaatttgaaaa
tgtaaatgacaaagtttatgatatgatatttattgatgcagcaaaagcgcaatcaaagaaattttttgaa
atatatacaccacttttaaagcaccaaggtctcgtaattacagataatgttttatatcacggttttgtat
cggatattgggattgttagatcgagaaatgtaagacaaatggttaaaaaggttcaagattataatgagtg
gttaataaagcaaccaggatatacaacgaattttttaaatatagacgatggattagcgatttcaattaaa
ggagaatgactatgacagaattacttgtcacacccaagtcattaa
>Potential gene 53:53416..54345, 930 bp
atgactatgacagaattacttgtcacacccaagtcattaagccatatggaaacacttattgatttaggtg
cagatgcttttgtaattggcgagcaaaagtttggtttaagacttccaggggaattcaatagacaacaaat
gacagaggctgtcgcattagctcacaaaaacgataaaaaagtatatgcggcggtgaatggattatttcat
aattatcatttagatgctgtagaagattatattaattttttacatgaaatacgagttgacagaattattt
tcggggatccagcagtagtaatgtatgtgaaggcgcaagagaatccaataccacttcattggaatgcaga
gacgttagtaactaatcattttcaatgtaattactgggggaaaagaggcgcatcaagagctgtcttagca
cgtgagctgaatttggatgaaattattaatataaaagaaaattcaaatgtggaaattgaggtgcaagttc
aaggaatgacttgtatgttccaatcaaagcgtatgctactaggcaattattatacgttccaagatcgcca
aatgaaaattgaacgtcgcaatgatgaacaatctttattactttatgatgaagaaagacaaaataattac
ccagtttacgaagattacaatggtacgcacattatgtcaccaaacgacatttgtttaattgaagaattag
caccattttttgaggcgggtatagattcatttaaaatcgatggtattctacaaacggaagaatatattaa
tgtggtaacggaacagtatcgtcaagcgatagatttgtacaatgaagatcctgaaatctatgaagatgag
aaatttatgttgatggacccaattgaagaaattcaacctgatcatcgaccatttgacgaaggtttcttat
ataaacaaacggtatattaa
>Potential gene 54:54357..55625, 1269 bp
atgaagacaatagaagagattaaatcaactcctaaaacagttatgaagaaaccagaattattagcacctg
ctggaaacttagaaaagttaaaaatagcagtacattatggcgctgatgccgtatttttaggtggtcaaga
atatggattacgttcaaatgctgataatttcacgatggaagaaatagctgaaggtgttgaatttgcgaac
cgttacggtgccaaaatttatgttacgacaaatattattgcacatgatgagaatattgaaggtctagaat
catatttgcgtaatttggaaaagactggtgcgacaggtatcattgttgcagatcctttaattatcgaaac
atgtaaagaagttgcgccaaaacttgaaattcatttatctactcaacaatcactttctaattacaaagct
gtagaatattggaaagaagaaggattggatcgtgttgtattagcacgtgagaccggcgcgatggaaatgc
gtgaaatgaaggaaaaagtagatattgaaatcgaagcatttattcatggtgctatgtgtatcgcctattc
aggtagatgtacattaagtaatcatatgactgcaagggattccaacagaggcggttgctgtcaaagttgc
cgttgggattatgaattattagaagttgatgataatggtgaacttgatgtattttataatcaaggtgaag
ttacaccgtttgcgatgagtcctaaagatttaaaattaatcgaatcaattcctcaaatgatggatattgg
tgtggactcattaaaaattgaaggacgtatgaagtcaattcattatattgcaacagttgtctcagtatat
cgtaaagtcattgatgcgtatgcggcagatcctgacaactttaagattaatccggaatggttaattgagt
tagataaatgtgcaaatagagacactgcaccagcattctttgagggtacacctggttatgaagaacagat
gtttggtcaacaacaatctaaaaaatcaccatttgatttttgtggtttggtattagattataatgaagat
acaaaaattgcgactattcaacaacgaaataactttaaaccaggtcaagaaatagaattctttggtccag
aaattgaaacatttacacaagtagtagaagcaatttatgatgaagaaggtaacagcttagacgcggcgcg
ccatccattacaaatcgttcaaattaaagtggatcgcccgatatatccaaacaacatgatgagaaaggaa
attggctaa
>Potential gene 55:55625..56248, 624 bp
atgaaagctactacaatcattggcatagctggtggatctggctcaggaaaaacaactgtaactaacgaaa
ttatgaaaaacttagaaggtcatagtgtcgctttacttgctcaagattactattataaagatcaaaagca
cttgactttcgacgagcgcctagaaaccaattatgaccatccatttgcatttgataatgatttattaatt
gaaaatcttaaagacttgaaaaatggtaaagcagtagaagtaccgacatatgattatgctagtcatacaa
gaagtgatattaccattgattttaaacctaaagatgttattatcgtagaaggtattttcgctttagaaaa
taaggtattacgtgatatgatggatgttaaaatatatgttgatacagatgcagacttaagaatattacgc
cgtttaacacgagatactaaagagcgtgggcgttcaatggactctgttatcaatcaatatttaagtgttg
ttagacctatgcatgaccaatttattgaaccgactaagaaatatgctgatataattatacctgaaggtgg
gagcaataaagttgcaatagatattatgacaacaaaaattcagtctttagttagcaagcaatag
>Potential gene 56:56276..56752, 477 bp
atggaaaatcaaaagcaatatccaatgactcaagaaggttttgaaaaattagagcgtgaacttgaagaat
taaaaacagttaagcgtcctgaagttgtagagaaaattaaagttgcacgttcatttggtgacttatcaga
gaactctgagtatgatgcagcaaaagatgaacaaggattcatcgaacaagatattcaaagaattgagcat
atgttaagaaatgcattaatcattgaagatactggagataacaacgttgttaaaattggtaaaacagtaa
cgtttgtagaattaccaggtgatgaagaggaaagttatcaaatcgttggttcagctgaatcagatgcatt
taatggtaagatttcaaatgaatcaccaatggctaaagcgttaattggtaaaggtttagatgatgaagtt
cgtgttccactacctaatggtggcgaaatgaacgtaaaaattgttaatatccaataa
>Potential gene 57:57112..57813, 702 bp
atgatttattttgaaaataatatatccgaagagacatatcgaaatgtcacagcaatggtacggtggatac
gagaaaaagaaatattagaaattcaagacattgtcccttcgtatcgagcagttctaatatattttgatga
acaagctataacatcttctaaattaattgaaaatttagaacttaacaaatttaatgaaaaaaatgttcat
gctgtgaatcaaaccaatcgaattattaaaatacctgttcaatatggtggtacatatggacctgatattg
aggaagtagcaaagcataatcgaataactgttgagcaagttattgaaaaacatacaagtaaaccttattt
aatatatatgctaggatttatgcctggatttccatacttaggcggacttgatcaacaactacatacacct
agacgtaatcagccaaggttaaaaattcatgcaggttctgtaggtattgcgaataatcaaacaggactat
atccatcagattctcctggcggatggcaaattattggacgcacaccgttaaaagtatttagcagcgagcg
tgaaccaatgtcaatgtacgaagcaggagaatggatacaattttatgcaatagatgaacaggaatttata
caaatcgaaagagatatatcagatggcaactttaatgttgatgactgggtggtgattgaaaatgtcaatt
aa
>Potential gene 58:57725..58813, 1089 bp
atgaacaggaatttatacaaatcgaaagagatatatcagatggcaactttaatgttgatgactgggtggt
gattgaaaatgtcaattaagattttacaaccaggtctcttttcaacggtacaagatctaggaagaaaagg
ttatgaacatattggattttcaggctcaggtgccatggatcaatttagttttaaggttgcgcagtcatta
attaacaatgatggtccagcgattgaatatactttgattggtcctaccattcaatttaatacgcaaaata
catttgttataaccggtggtagtgttaatgcctcgctaaataataaaactatatcaatgaattctgtcat
attagctgagaaaggtgacattttaaaaataggtgctataaccaaaggtgcacgcggttatcttactttt
ggtcattctatcaacgtaccttctattgctgaaagttatgcaacacatacccgaagcagtataggaggat
tcaaaggtagaaagttattagctaatgacgtaataacagtgaaaataaataatgactttaaagaaaacat
tggaaagactattcatttacaggacgatttattaccagaaaataatattatacacattcttcaaggacct
caattcgaggcattttctgaagaggctagagcgaaaattgtaaattatccatatttaataactgaacaat
cagaccgtatggggtatcgtttggaaggtgacagcgttgcaccaattaatcaagcagatatcatttctga
accggttgctcttggcagtgttcaagtaccaaatgatggtcaacctattattctgcttaatgataaacaa
acgataggtggttataccaaaattgcaactgtatgcaaatttgatctgccaaagttagcacagatgaaac
cacaagatacaattcaatttaaatggatatcattccaagaagctgtagataagaatcgggaacaaatgtc
tctgtttaatgaaattcttaagagtcatcaaaagactccaatttttgatacatctagcttgcgacatact
tcgaaaaaattagcaacaattttaaaaggggatttgtaa
>Potential gene 59:58815..59264, 450 bp
atgaatattgaaaaaatcgaacaaataatcaaattagtgaaggaaaatgatgttaagaaatttaaatata
aaaattttgaagatgaaatagaaattaacttcactgactcgaatcatttggctgcacacagtaatcaatc
aaatcaaagtatgaacaataatgatttgacagcttcaaaagcgaatgataactccgatgtttcgacaaat
gattatcatgacattaaatcaccaatggtaggtacattctttttacaagatagtaaagaattaactgaac
caattgtgaaagtcggtgacaaagttaacaagggagatattataggatatgttgaagcgatgaaagtatt
aaacgaggtaacaacagatgttgctggagaaattactgaaatagtagctgatcacggcacaaatgttgaa
tacgaccaagttttggtacgtattaagtaa
>Potential gene 60:59278..60639, 1362 bp
atgcttcgttgtttaattgcgaacagaggtgaaattgctgtaaggattataagagcttgcagagaatatg
ggattgaaactgtagcagtttatgcaaaacgggacgagcaaagcttgcatgtacatttagcagatcaagc
tatatgtattggggaagctaatgctttagatagttatttaaatattgaccgcatcatatctgctgcacaa
atcactggtgctaatgcaattcacccaggatatggatttttatcagaatcaacaaaatttgctcaaaccg
ttgaggaacaaggcatagcgtttatagggcctactaaaaaaacgatggaaatgatgggggataaaataac
agcaagacaaacagttcatcatgcaggtgttcctgtgattccaggatcaaatggtgctgtgaatcatgtg
tctgaaattgagaagcttgccaaagacatcggttatccagttgttatcaaagctgccagtggcggtggtg
gtaaaggtatacgtattgtaaagaaagctgaagatttagaaaaggcatttaaagaagctaaaagtgaagg
aaaaaaatactttgatgatgatcgtgtttatgttgaggcttttatacctgttgcaaaacatgttgaagtt
caagttatgggggatgggcaggataattatgtacatttaggggaacgtgattgttctgtacaacgtaaaa
atcaaaaattaatcgaagaatctccttgtgcagcattaactgaagaaaggcgacaacaaatatgtaatga
tgctgttaaagttgcacgtgcagcaaattatagaagtgcaggtacgattgaatttttagtaactgatacc
gcacattactttattgaaatgaatgctcgaattcaagttgaacatactgttacagagatgcgagcagaac
gtgatttggttgcagcacaactgtatttattggaacataatcatttacctttctcacaaagcgatattca
atttaatggtcatgtgatagaagcgagaataaatgccgaaaatcctgaaaagaaatttcaaccaacacca
ggtaaagtgacagcgttacatttacctcaaggctttaatgtgcgagtcgattctttactatatcacggtt
atcaagtttcaccatattatgattctttagtagctaaagtaattgtaaaatctcatgatagagcttcagc
aattgataagttgaaagccaccttagatgaaatggtgatagatggattttctacaactgccgatttttta
tatgcagttttaaattatccactatatcgtgatggagatgcaaaagatgttgatattaaatttttagaaa
aacatcaaattgttaaaggggtggaattataa
>Potential gene 61:60639..61391, 753 bp
atgcgagttgatttgaattgtgatttaggcgaagcatttggaaattattcctttggtggtgatcatcaaa
ttattccgttaattacaagtgcgaatgttgcttgtggttttcacgctggtgatgaaaatgtaatgaatga
aacggtaaaacttgccaaagcacataatgttgcagtaggtgcacatcctggtttacctgatttgaaaggc
tttggcagacgaaatatagatatctctaacgacgagatttataatttgatgatttatcaattaggtgcat
tacaagggttttgtcgcattcatcaagttaaaattaatcatgttaaaccgcatggtgcattgtatcagat
gggtgcaaaagacagagaaatagcaagcgttatagcacaagctgtttatgactttgatccatcactagtg
ttagtaggattagcaaattcatatctaatttcagaagcaaagaatgtcggattaattacagcttctgaag
tgtttgctgatagacgatacgaagatgatgggcagctcgttagtagaaaagaaagtgatgctgtgattac
tgatactgacgaagcacttaagcaggttttaaagatggtgaaggaaaataaagttatttcaaaaaacaat
aaggaagtaacgttacaagcagatacaatttgtgtgcatggtgatggagaacatgcattattatttgttt
cgaaaattagagaaattttaatgaaagaaggcattgatattcaatccttatag
>Potential gene 62:61403..62635, 1233 bp
atggggagaaatttaaagcttaaacatcgtgaaagtgattttgaatttactaaaaaccataagagattat
tgttaggttctgtatttctgatggcaacttctgcaattgggccagcatttttaacgcaaacagcagtatt
tacatcacaatttttggcgagttttgcattcgcaattttactatcaatcattattgatattggtgcacaa
attaatatatggcgcatattggttgtcactggtttaagaggtcaagaaatatcaaataaagttgttcctg
ggcttggtactgttatctcaatattgattgcatttggaggtctagcttttaatattggtaatattgctgg
tgccggtttaggtttaaatgcaatttttggattagatgtaaaatggggcgcagctattactgcaatcttt
gcaatattaatctttgtaagtaaaagtggccaaaaaattatggacgttgtttcaatgattcttggtattg
tgatgattttagttgtggcatatgtgatgtttgtttctaatccaccttatggtgatgcttttgtgcatac
atttgcgccagaacatccaatgaaattagtcttgccaatcattacgttagttggtggaactgtaggtggt
tatattacctttgcaggtgcacatcgtattttagactctggcattaaaggtaagcaatatttaccatttg
taaatcaatcagcaattgctggtattttaactacaggtattatgagaacgttactattcctagcggtatt
aggagttgttgtaacaggtgtgacactaagttctgaaaatccaccagcgtcagtttttgaacacgcaatt
ggaccaattggaaagaatatttttggtattgtgttatttgctgcagctatgtcatcagtaattggctcag
catacacaagcgcaacatttttaaaaacacttcataaatcacttgacgaaagaagtaatttaattgtcat
tgtgtttatcgttatttcaacaatgattttcttgtttattggaaaaccaatcagccttttaattatagca
ggcgcgataaatggatggattttacctattacgttaggtgcaattttgattgcaagtaaaaagaaatcaa
ttgttggtgattataaacacccaaattggatgttcatctttggtatcgttgcagtacttgttacaatatt
gacaggtatattctcattcaaagaagtacttcagttattttaa
>Potential gene 63:62927..64147, 1221 bp
atgggttacagaactttaaaaagtatttttcatgagcataacgaaagtaaaatgaaagacgagtatacta
aaagatttaattctttagcatctttcaatactaatattaatatcatacccatggaaaatggaaaaaaagt
taatgatttggaatatcctctattctttatggtgactaaaaatctatcaaaaaaacaagaattaatatca
attaatagtagaaaaattgatagagcacttaattctttgccttatgcagctagagaacaatattttaatg
atttattaatcgatgaattacaaagtactaatgaaattgaaaatgtatttagtactaaacaagagattgc
acatgcgttaaataaccaagcatcagaatttcttaagttcagaggcctcgtggatcaatataaagagata
gaacttaataaaaaaattaaagttgataatgtaagagacattagagcgatttatgataaattagtttcaa
atgaaattaacgaacaagataagttagatggagagctatttcgtaaaaattttgtcggtgtacatgatgg
gtcaacgaataaatatatacatgttgggttacaacctgaaaccaaaattgttgaatatataggtgaaatg
ctaacatttttaaaatattttgatgcgcctcagccgttcaaaatcatggctagtcattatctgtttgaat
atatacatcctttttatgatggcaatggtagagttggaagatttataattgccaagctcttgagtgatta
ttatgataattatactgctttgacattttcatatgttataaataggaataaatcgaaatattacaaggcg
tttatgactgcttcaaatcatttgaattgcggtgatttgacggaatttattgacacaatgcttgagttat
tgatagcaggacaagaaagaatacttgatgaattaataccaaaaatggatgcgactgaaaaattaacgct
ttatttaactagtcattataaacagatagattatgaatttttgtatctcctttcaatggataaattgttt
ggaaataaaagaaatagattaacattaattgatttagaaaacatattgggagtaggaagagtaaaaatta
ataatacaattaaaaaatttggtaactacttagttaaaattaaaagtagaccaacaatttatgagataag
tgatgaatttctaaattcgattataaaataa
>Potential gene 64:64137..64466, 330 bp
atgtatcacgctcataatactttccaatttgaaataccctgttcgcaattattagttgagttatatcaac
caatacagtgtatacttaaaaattccaaaccgtttaacagtatatcagaaaaaatgataattatttcaat
tatttttattaaatttcataatgattcatataatattcgcattaaaacatcacaatactgatacacaaca
aaaagagcagtacatttgtcatgcaccactctcaacaaatatatttttttaatgaagcaattacgcaatc
ttacaaatacaataagtatagctgaatcacatattacatttattttataa
>Potential gene 65:64450..64713, 264 bp
atgataagggagtgggacagaaatgatattttcgaaaaatttatttcgtcgtcccaccccaacttgcaca
ttattgtaagctgtcttttcgccagcttctatgttggggccccgccggcaaggttgactagaattgaaaa
aagcttgttacaagcgtattttcgttcagtcaactactgccaatataactttgtagagcactgaacattg
atttatgtctcaggttctttagcctacaattttgattatgtatcacgctcataa
>Potential gene 66:64707..64979, 273 bp
atgtcatgaaataacaaatcatgcttcaacagtctatcgtttgtttttttattttcaagctgagttggat
tagcaaatgacaccttagcattatatagacgcttggaatcaagttcacttttatgatgtaagtctgaata
ttcgattgcacttgctgaatttgtaaaaattccttctaacaataatattaaaataaatcctgttaaatat
ttaacttcaaactcccccaaaacaattactaatttacatttgagagcgagacataaatgataa
>Potential gene 67:64978..65502, 525 bp
atgttcgtaaatgatgcttggaaaaaagattttaaagttgaattcgaaaatgaggcactttcaaagaaat
ttgtaaataaggatatcgatatatttgctggaaattatggatatggatgtcatgggggagaaaccaataa
aacgctatgtagttatggtggtgttactttaagtgacaataataaatacgatgattataagaatatacct
tgtaatttatggattgacggacatcaaacaggaatagaactaactgcagtaaaaacgaaaaagaaaattg
ttaccattcaagaattagatgttcaattaagaaattatttgaatgagaagtataagttgtacgaactagg
tggagacattgttaaagggtatgttaaatatcataatgatgatgaaaaaaatgtagaatatgatttttat
aatttaaatggtgagtatggtcatgaggtattaaaaatgtatgctgataataaaactatcaatagtgaca
aattgcatttagatatctatttattcaaatcataa
>Potential gene 68:65704..65973, 270 bp
atggctgaaaataatcaaaatagtctcgtaacaaagattgctacatacggcagttttattgcaattgcgt
cgtttgtcattttatttataagtatatttttaaagttttcatttaatatcgagtttacagcaacaattat
gaacatatgtcgctacactctaattctaggatttatacttatgtccttacctgatgttgttgataaaaac
atcaagaaaattatattcgatgcatttattatcatcgtctttatcttctttttgctatag
>Potential gene 69:66287..66973, 687 bp
atgattggtataattggtgccatggaagaagaagtaacaatattaaaaaataaattaacacaattaagcg
aaatttcagttgcacatgttaaattttatactggcattttaaaagatagagaagtagtgattacccaaag
cggcattggaaaagttaatgctgcaatttctacgacattattaattaataagtttaaaccggacatcatt
attaatacaggttctgctggagctttagatgaaagtttaaatgtaggtgacgttcttataagtgatgatg
taaaatatcatgatgcagatgcaacagcatttggttatgaatatggacaagtaccacagatgccggtagc
atttcaatcaagtaaacctttaatagataaagtatctcaagttgtacaacaacaacaattaacagctaaa
gtaggcttaattgtaagtggtgatagctttatcggtagtgttgaacaacgccaaaaaattaaaaaagcat
ttccaaatgcgatggcggttgaaatggaagcaactgcaattgcacaaacatgttatcaatttaatgtacc
atttgttgtagttcgtgcagtttcagacttagcaaatggagaagcggaaatgagcttcgaagcattttta
gaaaaagcagctgtatcatcaagtcaaactgttgaagcattagtgtctcaattataa
>Potential gene 70:66993..68621, 1629 bp
atgggtttagttcgcaagttttttatgccgaattcatatgttcaatcaatatttcaaattgatttagaca
agttagtggacaaaggcgttaaaggtattattacagatttagataatacgctagtaggttgggatgttaa
agaacctacagaacgtgttaaagcatggtttaaggaagctaatgaaaaaggaatcactattacaatcgtg
tctaataataatgagtctcgtgttgctagttttagtcagcatttagacatcgattttatttttaaagcga
gaaagccaatggggaaagcgtttgataaagcaataactaagatgaatatcagaccagatcaaactgttgt
tataggtgaccaaatgcttactgatgtatttggtggtaatcgtcgaggtttatatacaattatggtcgtt
ccagttaaacgaactgatggctttattactaagtttaataggttaattgaaagacgattattacgtcatt
tcagtaaaaaaggttatatcacatgggaggaaaattgattgtctgacattttaaaatgtatcggttgtgg
tgcgccacttcaatctgaagataaaaataaacctggttttgtaccagagcataatatgtttcgtgatgac
gtgatttgcagacgttgtttccgcttgaaaaattataatgaagttcaagatgtaggattagaaagtgaag
actttttaaaattattatcaggacttgcggataaaaagggtattgtcgtcaatgtcgtggatgtatttga
ctttgaaggatcatttattaatgcagttaaacgtattgtcggaaacaaaaaaatcattttagcagcaaat
aaattggatttattgccgaaacaaattaataaacgtcgagttaaagaatggttaaaacgaacagcaagaa
aatatggtttggaagctgacgatgtcgtattaatttcagctgaaaaaggctggggcatagacgacttatt
atcatcaattgcgaatattcgagaaaatgaagatgtgtatattgtagggacaacgaatgttgggaaatct
acattgattaataaactgattgaagctagtgttggtgaaaaagatgtagtaacaacttcaagatttcctg
gaacaactttagatatgatagatattcctttagatgaaacatcatttatgtatgatacaccaggtattat
tcaagatcatcaaatgacgcatttagttagtgaaaaagaattgaaaattattatgcctaagaaagaaata
aaacaacgcgtatatcaattaaatgaggcgcaaacattattcttcggcggtctagcgcgcatagattatg
tatcaggtggtaaacgtccgttagtttgtttcttttctaatgacttgaatatacatcgtactaaaacgga
gaaggctaatgatttatggcgtaatcaacttggcgatttattaacgccacctggaaatccacaaaatttt
gatcttaatgaggtaaaggctgttagacttgaaacaggcaaagagaaacgcgatgttatgatctctggtc
taggctttataactataggaccaggagctaaagtaatcgttcgtgttcctaaaaatgttgatgttgtatt
aagaaattctattttataa
>Potential gene 71:68635..69441, 807 bp
atgaaatttgcagttatcggaaatcctatttcacattccttgtcgcccgttatgcatagagcaaatttta
attctttaggattagatgatacttatgaagctttaaatattccaattgaagattttcatttaattaaaga
aattatttcgaaaaaagaattagatggctttaatatcacaattcctcataaagagcgtatcataccgtat
ttagatcatgttgatgaacaagcgattaatgcaggtgcagttaacactgttttgataaaagatggcaagt
ggatagggtataatacagatggtattggttatgttaaaggattgcacagcgtttatccagatttagaaaa
tgcatacattttaattttgggcgcaggtggtgcaagtaaaggtattgcttatgaattagcaaaatttgta
aagcccaaattaactgttgcgaatagaacgatggctcgttttgaatcttggaatttaaatataaaccaaa
tttcaatagcagatgctgaaaagtatttagctgaattcgatatcgttattaatacaacaccagcgggtat
ggctggaaataacgaaagtattattaatttaaagcatctttctcccaatactttaatgagtgatattgtt
tatataccgtataaaacacctattttagaggaagcagagcgcaagggaaaccatatttataatggcttag
atatgtttgtttaccagggtgcggaaagctttaaaatttggactaataaagatgctgatattaattctat
gaaaacagcagttttacaacaattaaaaggagaataa
>Potential gene 72:69445..69735, 291 bp
atgcttactggcaaacaaaaaagatacttaagaagtttagcacacaatattgatccgatttttcaaattg
gaaaaggcggtatcaacgaaaatatgattaaacaaatagatgatacgttagaaaacagagaattgattaa
agtgcatgtactacaaaataactttgatgataaaaaagaattagctgaaacattaagcgaagctacgcgt
agtgaattagtgcaagtgattggatctatgatagtgatttatagagaatctaaagaaaataaagaaattg
aattgccataa
>Potential gene 73:69738..70355, 618 bp
atgaaaaagatagtactttacggcggtcagtttaaccctatccatactgcacatatgatagtagctagcg
aagtatttcatgaattacagccagatgaattttattttttacctagttttatgtctccattgaaaaagca
caataattttatagatgttcagcacagattaacaatgatacagatgattatcgacgagcttggttttgga
gatatttgcgacgatgaaattaaacgtggtggtcagagttatacctatgacacgatcaaggcattcaagg
agcaacacaaagacagtgagttgtactttgttattgggacggatcagtataaccaactagagaaatggta
tcaaattgaatacttaaaagaaatggttacttttgtagttgtaaatcgagacaaaaatagtcaaaatgtt
gaaaatgctatgattgcaattcagatacctagggtagatataagttcgacaatgattcgacaaagagtta
gtgaagggaaatctatccaagttcttgttcctaaatccgttgaaaactatattaagggggaaggattata
tgaacattgaaaaagcaaaacggcttgcaaaagagaaactgccagagaaacgttataa
>Potential gene 74:70297..70881, 585 bp
atgaacattgaaaaagcaaaacggcttgcaaaagagaaactgccagagaaacgttataatcattctttaa
gagttgcagaaacagctattaaattggcagaaatttatgatggagacactagtaaagtagaattagcagg
tgtattacatgatttctgtaagtatgatgatttaggtaaaatgtatcaaattgttcgacaatacgaatta
ggtaatgacctactgagttatggtagtgaaatattgcatggccctgtgtgtgcagcaatcatggaacatg
aatatggtatcaatgatgaggaagtattaatggctatcaaataccatactactggacgtcaacaaatgac
aaaaactgaaaaactgatttttattgcagattacatcgaacctggaagaacaatcccaggagttgatgat
attcgagatatggcatacaatcaaggtagtttagataagacaatttatgaaatttctaaacgcacagtac
tatttttaatacagaaagatattacggtatataataagacgattgactgtttaaattattataactatag
tgacgaaagaataaaggatgattaa
>Potential gene 75:70882..71235, 354 bp
atgaattcacaagaattattagcaattgctgtggatgcaattgacaataaaaaaggcgaagatacgattt
ctttagaaatgaaaggtatcagcgatatgacagattattttgttgtaacgcacggaaataatgaacgaca
agttcaagcgattgctagagcggtgaaagaagtagccaatgaacaaaatatagaagtaaaacgtatggaa
ggatacaatgaagcgcgttggatattaattgacttagctgatgttgtggtacatgttttccataaagacg
aaagaaattattataatattgaaaagttatatcaagatgcaccattagaatcatatagtcaggttgcgta
ttaa
>Potential gene 76:71238..71954, 717 bp
atgtcgcaatatgcagaaatgagcctagtgtacgatcaattgactcaagatcaaccatatgaaaaatggt
ttgaaattgtaaaaaatcactgcaaagatgaatcaaatattttagatattggatgcggtactggtagttt
aacagttcaattagaagctttaggtaatgttactggtatggatttaagtgttgatatgttgactgttgca
gctcaaaaatcagcaaatgtaaattggcttgaaggagatatgacatcttttgatttgcaacaacaatttg
atatcatcactattttttgtgactctctaaattatttgcaagatgaaactgcagtgattgaaacattcat
caatgtttatcatcatctgactgattcaggtgtatttatttttgatgtacatactgtttataaaatgatg
aatttgtttaataatcaaagttatattgatgataaaggggacatttttttagcatgggatgctgtgcaag
gagatttacctttaagtgtttatcatgatatgacatttttcattcgacatgaagatgaaacatattcaag
gtttgatgagtctcattttcagagaacatttgatgaaaagacatatttgtcttggttagctcaagttggt
tttaaacaagttgaaacatttactgattttaatatagatgaacataatgaagatgcagaaagattgtttt
tcattgcgaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 77:72081..72680, 600 bp
atggtattaattggttttatattctggagacaagatgattatacttcaagaaattttgaaaataaagata
ctgctctgaaacaaagcactagtgaaaatagtagtttgtccaaattagaagatgtccaggtcaaagatgg
agataattccaaaaataaaggtcctgtatatgtcgatgtaaaaggtgctgttaaacatcctaatgtttat
aaaatgacatctaaggatagagtagttgatttacttgataaagcacaattattggaggatgcagatgtaa
gtcaaattaatttgtctgaaaaattaacagatcaaaaaatgattttcatacctcataaaggacaaaagaa
tgttgaaccacaaattggagtaaacagtgtgcatgtaaaaaatgggaacacaaataatactaaagtaaat
ttaaataccgcatctgtatcagaattgatgtctgttcctggagtagggcaagctaaagctaatgcaattg
ttgaatatcgcaaccaacaaggtgcatttcaagaaattgacgatttgaaaaaagtaaaaggttttggaag
taaaacttttgataaactgaaatcttatttcacgatataa
>Potential gene 78:72802..73233, 432 bp
atggcacaaagtcatttgctagcattacgttcaacttgtcaaagattatctgtaggtgcaacgattgtta
aggataatcgtattattgctggtggttataatggctctgtagctggcgaggtgcattgtatagatgaagg
atgtttaattgaagatggacattgtatcagaacgatacatgcagaaatgaatgctttattacaatgtgca
aaacaaggtgtatctactgaaggtgcaacaatctatgttactcattttccatgcctaaattgtacaaagt
caattattcaagcaggtataaagcgtatctactatgcagaagattatcataaccatgaatatgcaactaa
attactcaaacaatctggtattgaatttaaaaaaattccattttcaccagaatatgttgctaaatatctg
actaaaggttaa
>Potential gene 79:73115..75439, 2325 bp
atgcagaagattatcataaccatgaatatgcaactaaattactcaaacaatctggtattgaatttaaaaa
aattccattttcaccagaatatgttgctaaatatctgactaaaggttaatgttttgctgtatgtcgcgtt
atcaatgattgtaggagtgctttggaattctagcaaagtgctctctacatttcttttcattttacttttg
tatattacttatcgtaaaaataaaatcgtttatgcccctatttctctctttttaatcattttctcctcat
ggtatttacattattcacaacaagcaatatttaattatatcaattatattgaacgtaattctcagtttaa
tgagcgtgctcaagtaatccaaattcaacgtcaaggtagtgacacatataaaggtaggttgagtttaaaa
aatgaaatatatcctttctttttaacaaataaaaagaattttgatttaaagaaaattgaaagtcgtaatt
gtattgttaaaggacaattcaaagttaatgacaataagtttgtaactcttaaattacaaagtatagttgt
acaaagctgcctagaatcgaaccggtctaatttaattgagaaacataaacagtttataatgaatcgaatt
tatgattcgggtattaagtttccggatcgtattatggcattgattactggtgacgtaaaagaaattaatg
agcaatttaaggaacgtgttaaagagataggtatatatcatttgctggcagttagtggctcgcatatagc
tgcaattgtattcttaatttaccaacctttaaaacgattaaatttacctttatttgtcattaaaggaatt
acaatcattgtattagctttatttgctcaatacacaaattatgcacctagtgctgtaagagctataataa
tgacaactcttgtactgcttattactaagcaaattaaaataaagggtattcagctattagcatttgcatt
tataattatgtttattttaaatccactagttgtttatgatattggatttcaattttcattcatcatttca
ttttttattatgctactttttccttttttacagcaattgtcaaagttacaatcattattcataattacgt
ttattgcacaattagcttcatttatcgttgccattccaaactttcatcaacttcaatgggtgggattttt
atctaatttgatttttgtaccgtactattcgattatattgtttccgctatctattttattctttattaca
agtcattttattgtgggattaacgccgctaaattacttggttgacctaagttttaattttcatgactggt
tactagacctattcacaagaatcaagcaatcacatttttctgttcccaagtttaatgattggatatttat
aatatttataatttctgtttattacatattttggttattggctaaacgtaaatatatattggttacggtt
tggactataattattctgacattattaataacgtttccaacaaattcacatcacaaaattacaatgttaa
atgtggggcagggagacagtattttatatgaaggtggtaagaaccaaaatgtcttgattgatacaggtgg
gaaagtgattgatgatactaaacaacctagttattcaatttctaaatatcatattttaccaacgctaaat
gaaagagggataaatgaattagagtatctaattttaacacatccacacaatgaccatattggtgaagtgg
aatatattattagtcatattaaaattaaacatatagtgatatacaataagggatatagtagtaatacatt
gatgttattatcgaaattaagccataagtataacattaaacttatggatgtaagacaagttagtagtttt
aaacttggagatagtagttttctattttttgatagttttattccaaatagccgagataaaaatgaatatt
ctattattactatgattacatatcaaaataaaaaagttttattaatgggcgatgctagtaaaaataatga
atctttactactaaaaaaatataacttgccggagattgatattttaaaagtaggacatcatgggagcaag
acaagtagttctaaagaatttatagagatgattaagcctaaaataagtttgatttcttctgggaagaaca
atatgtatcatcttcctaatatagaagttgttaaacgattgcaaaggattcgcagtcgcatttacaatag
tcaacaaaacggtcaagttacaattgacttagatgataatttaaaagttgattcaaactcttatggaaat
gcaagtggtttatag
>Potential gene 80:75496..76470, 975 bp
atgagcgacaatattgtagctatttatggagatgtgcctgaattggttgaaaaacaaagtgcagaaatca
tatcacaatttttgaaaagtgatagagatgactttaactttgtgaaatataatttatacgaaacagagat
tgcaccaattgttgaagaaacattaacattgcctttcttttcagataaaaaagcaattttggttaaaaat
gcatatatatttacaggtgaaaaagcgccaaaagatatggctcataatgtagatcaattaatagaattta
ttgaaaaatatgatggcgaaaatttgattgtctttgagatatatcaaaataaacttgatgaaagaaaaaa
gttaactaaaactctaaaaaagcatgcaaggcttaaaaaaatagagcaaatgtctgaagaagaaataaaa
aaatggattcaaagtaaattaaatgagaatttcaaagatatcaaaagagatgcattagatttatttattg
agttgacaggtattaactttaatattgtctcacaagagatagaaaagttgattttatttttaggcgatag
accaacaattaataagcaggatgttaaccaaattattaatagaagtttagaacaaaatgtatttttactg
actgaatacattcagaaaagaaagaaagaacaagcaattcatttagtaaaagatttaataactatgaaag
aagaacctattaaattacttgcactaattacaagtaattaccgattattttatcaatgtaagattttgag
tcaaaaaggatatagtggacagcaaattgctaaaacaataggcgtacatccatacagagtaaaattagcg
ttaggacaagtaagacattatcaacttgatgaattattgaatattatagatgcttgtgcggaaactgatt
ataaacttaaatcatcatatatggataaacagttaatactggaattattcattctatctttataa
>Potential gene 81:76515..76766, 252 bp
atggcaaatatcaaatctgcaattaaacgcgtaaaaacaactgaaaaagctgaagcacgcaacatttcac
aaaagagtgcaatgcgtacagcagttaaaaacgctaaaacagctgtttcaaataacgctgataataaaaa
tgaattagtaagcttagcagttaagttagtagacaaagctgctcaaagtaatttaatacattcaaacaaa
gctgaccgtattaaatcacaattaatgactgcaaataaataa
>Potential gene 82:77112..78935, 1824 bp
atggataatgagcaacgcttaaaaagaagagagaatataaggaatttctcgattatagcacatattgacc
acggaaaatctacattggctgatagaattttagaaaataccaaatcagttgaaacaagagatatgcaaga
tcagttactagattcaatggatttagaaagagaacgtggtattacaatcaaattaaacgcagtacgttta
aagtacgaagctaaagatggaaatacttatacattccatttaatcgatacgcctggacacgtcgatttta
catatgaagtgtcacgttctttggcagcttgtgagggtgcgattttagtagtagatgcggctcaaggtat
cgaagcacaaacattagcaaatgtttatttggcattagataatgagttagagttattgcctgttattaac
aaaattgatttacctgctgcagaacctgaacgcgtgaaacaagaaattgaggatatgataggtttagacc
aagacgatgttgttttagcaagtgctaaatctaacattggaattgaagagatactagagaaaatagttga
agttgtgccagctccagatggtgacccagaagcaccactaaaagcgttaatatttgattctgagtatgat
ccatatagaggggtaatttcatcgataagaattgtagacggtgttgttaaagccggggataaaattcgaa
tgatggccactggtaaagagttcgaagtaacagaagttggaattaatacacctaagcagcttccagttga
tgaattaacagttggtgatgttggttatattattgcaagtattaaaaatgttgatgattctagggttggt
gacacaatcacattagctagtagacctgcatcagaaccattgcaaggttataagaaaatgaatccaatgg
tatattgcggactgttcccaatagataacaaaaattataatgatttaagagaagcattagaaaaattaca
attgaatgatgcatcattagaatttgagcctgaatcatcacaagcattaggttttggttatagaactggt
ttcttaggtatgttacacatggaaataattcaagaaagaattgaaagagaatttggtattgaattaattg
caaccgcaccatctgtaatttatcaatgtattttaagggacggttcagaagtgacggttgataacccagc
acaaatgccagatcgtgataaaattgataaaatatttgagccatatgttcgagcaactatgatggttcca
aatgactatgtcggtgcagtaatggaattatgtcaacgtaaacgtggacaatttataaatatggactatt
tagatgatattcgtgtaaatattgtttatgaattacctttagctgaagttgtatttgatttcttcgatca
acttaaatctaatactaaaggatatgcatcatttgattatgaattcatcgaaaataaagaaagtaattta
gtcaagatggatattttattaaatggtgataaagtggatgcgctaagcttcatagttcatagagattttg
cgtatgaacgtggtaaagcattagttgaaaaacttaaaacgttaattccaagacagcaatttgaagtacc
tgtacaggctgcaataggacaaaaaattgtagcgcgtacaaatattaaatcaatgggtaaaaacgtttta
gctaaatgttatggcggtgacataagccgtaaacgtaaattacttgaaaaacaaaaagcaggtaaagcta
agatgaaagcagttggtaatgttgaaattccacaggatgctttcttggctgtgttgaaaatggatgacga
ataa
>Potential gene 83:79028..79246, 219 bp
atgttatattggcagccatcgacagagttaaaatgagcttataacaatggggccccaacaaagaagctga
cgaaaagtcagcttacaataatgtgcaagttggggtgggacgacgaaataaattttgtgaaaatatcatt
tctgtcccactcccttatgcatgagtttaactcatgtaattctatttttaagtacatattacctctggct
aatgtgtaa
>Potential gene 84:79443..80567, 1125 bp
atgacggtacaaagtgcatatatacatattccattttgtgtaagaatatgtacatattgtgatttcaata
aatattttatacagaatcaacctgtagatgagtacttagatgcactaataacagaaatgtctacagccaa
atataggaacttaatgaccatgtatgtaggtggtggcacaccaacggccctttctattaatcagttggaa
agattacttaaagcaatacgtgatacgtttacaatcacaggcgagtatacatttgaagccaatcctgatg
agttaactaaagagaaagtccaactattagagaaatatggagtaaacagaatttcaatgggcgttcaaac
attcaagccggagttattgtctgttttaggtagaacgcacaatactgaagatatttacacttcggtgtta
aatgctaaaaacgcaggtattaaatcaatcagtttagatttaatgtatcatttaccgaaacagacgattg
aagattttgaacaaagtttagatctagctttagatatggatattcaacatatttcgagttacggcttaat
acttgaacctaaaacccaattttataatatgtatagaaaagggttgctcaaacttcctaatgaggattta
ggtgctgacatgtatcagttgctgatgtctaagatagaacaatctcctttccatcaatacgaaatatcta
attttgcattagatggccatgaatcagaacataataaggtttactggtttaatgaggaatattatggatt
tggagcaggtgcaagtggttatgtagatggtgtgcgttatacgaatatcaatccagtgaaacattatatc
aaagctataaataaagaaagtaaagcaattttagtatcaaataaaccttctttgactgagagaatggaag
aagaaatgtttcttgggttgcgtttaaatgaaggtgtgagtagtagtaggttccaaaagaagtttgacca
atctattgaaagtgtctttggtcaaacaataaataatttaaaagagaaggaattaattttagaaaagaac
gatgcgattgcactaacaaagcgagggaaagtcatcggtaatgaggtttttgaagctttcctaataaatg
attaa
>Potential gene 85:80668..81645, 978 bp
atgattacagataggcaattgagtatattaaacgcaattgttgaggattatgttgattttggacaacccg
ttggttctaaaacactaattgagcgacataacttgaatgttagtcctgctacaattagaaatgagatgaa
acagcttgaagatttaaactatatcgaaaagacacatagttcttcagggcgttcgccatcacaattaggt
tttaggtattatgtcaatcgtttacttgaacaaacatctcatcaaaaaacaaataaattaagacgattaa
atcaattgttagttgagaatcaatatgatgtatcatcagcattgacatattttgcagatgaattatcaaa
tatatctcaatatacaactttagttgttcatcctaatcataaacaagatattatcaataatgtacacttg
attcgtgctaatcctaatttagttataatggttatcgtattttcatcaggtcatgtagagcatgtacatc
ttgcttcagacataccgtttaataacgacaaactaaatacaatatcaaattttgttacaaacaaactaac
tgagtttaatcagaatttacaagatgatattgtctcttttgttcaatcagagcaggaagaaatatttatc
aatcaattgttaaatacgatgaataatcatatttctaatcaaagtaatagcatttatatgggtggaaagg
ttaaacttattgatgcattgaatgaaagtaatgtatcttcaattcagcccattctacaatatatagaatc
aaatagaattgcagaattattacaagatatatcttcaccaaatattaatgtaaaaattggtaacgaaatt
gatgacagcttaagtgatatttcaattgtaacaagtcaatatcattttgatgaaacgttaaaaggtcaaa
tcgctgtgattggacctacagctatgcattatcaaaatgtcattcaattattaaatagaatttggtaa
>Potential gene 86:81677..82303, 627 bp
atgacaaataaagacgaatcagttgaaaaaaacactgaatcaacagttgaagaaacaaacgtcaaacaaa
atattgatgattcagttgaacaagctgaagaaagtaaaggtcatttacaagatgaagcaatagaagaaac
gtctgacgagaatgttattgaagaaatagatccaaaagatcaaaaaattaatgaacttcaacaattagca
gatgaaaacgaagagaaatatttaaggctctacgctgagtttgaaaattataagcgtagaattcaaaaag
aaaatgaaataaacaaaacatatcaagcacaacgtgtgttaacagatattttaccagcaatagacaatat
agaacgtgcacttcaaattgaaggtgatgatgagacttttaaatctcttcaaaaaggtgtacaaatggtg
catgaaagtttgattaacgcactaaaagataatggtcttgaagttattaaaactgaaggtgaagcatttg
atccaaatattcaccaagctgtagttcaagatgataaccctgattttgaatctggcgaaatcactcaaga
actacaaaaaggatacaagcttaaagatagagtattaagaccatcaatggtcaaagtaaaccaataa
>Potential gene 87:82348..84204, 1857 bp
atgattaaatggaggaattttattatgagtaaaattattggtatagacttaggtacaacaaattcatgtg
taacagtattagaaggcgatgagccaaaagtaattcaaaaccctgaaggttcacgtacaacaccatctgt
tgtagctttcaaaaatggagaaactcaagttggtgaagtagctaaacgtcaagctattacaaatccaaac
actgttcaatctattaaacgtcatatgggtactgattataaagtagatattgaaggtaaatcatacacac
cacaagaaatctcagctatgattttacaaaacttaaaaaatacagctgaaagctatttaggtgagaaagt
tgacaaagctgtaattacagtacctgcatactttaacgatgctgaacgtcaagcaactaaagatgctggt
aaaattgctggtttagaagttgagcgtatcattaatgaaccaacagctgcagcattagcatatggtttag
acaaaactgataaagatgaaaaagttcttgtttttgacttaggtggcggtacatttgacgtatctatcct
agaattaggtgacggtgtattcgaagtactatcaacagccggtgacaacaaacttggcggtgatgatttt
gaccaagtaattattgactacctagttgcagaattcaaaaaagaaaatggcgtagacttatctcaagata
aaatggcattacaacgtttgaaagatgctgctgaaaaagctaaaaaagacttatcaggtgtatcacaaac
tcaaatctcattaccatttatctcagctggtgaaaacggtccattacacttagaagtaaacttaactcgt
tctaaatttgaggaattatcagattcattaattagaagaacaatggaacctacacgccaagcaatgaaag
acgctggcttaacaaactcagatatcgatgaagttatcttagttggtgggtcaactcgtattccagcagt
acaagaagctgtcaaaaaagaaatcggtaaagaacctaacaaaggtgtaaacccagacgaagtagtggca
atgggagctgcaatccaaggtggcgttatcacaggtgacgttaaagacgtagtattattagacgtaacac
cactatctttaggtattgaaattttaggtggacgtatgaatacgttaattgaacgtaacactacgattcc
tacatctaaatctcaaatctattcaacagcagtagataatcaaccatcagtagatgtacacgtattacaa
ggtgaacgtccaatggctgcggataataaaacacttggtagattccaattgactgatattccaccagctg
aacgtggtaaacctcaaattgaagtaacgtttgatatcgataaaaacggtattgtaaatgtaactgcaaa
agacttaggtacaaataaagaacaaagaattacaattcaatcaagttcttcattatcagacgaagaaatc
gaccgtatggtaaaagatgctgaagttaacgctgaagcagataaaaaacgtcgtgaagaagtagacttaa
gaaacgaagctgacagcctagtattccaagttgaaaaaactttaactgatttaggcgaaaatatcggtga
agaagataaaaaatctgctgaagagaaaaaagacgctcttaaaactgctttagaaggtcaagatatagaa
gatattaaatctaaaaaagaagaacttgaaaaagtgattcaagaattatcagcaaaagtatatgagcaag
cggctcaacagcaacaacaagcacaaggtgctaatggtggtcaaaacaacgatagcactgtagaagatgc
tgaatttaaagaagtaaaagacgacgacaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 88:84715..85479, 765 bp
atgacattgacatttgaagaagcggtatttggtacaacaaaagaaatttcaatccgtaaagatgtaacat
gcgaaacatgtcatggtgatggtgcaaagcctggaacaagtaaaaagacttgtagttactgtaatggcgc
tggtcatgtagctgttgaacaaaatacaattttaggtagagttcgtactgaacaagtttgtcctaaatgt
aatggaagtggtcaagaatttgaagaagcttgtccaacatgtcacggaaaaggtactgaaaataaaacag
ttaaattagaagtgaaagtacctgaaggtgtcgacaatgaacaacaaattagattagctggtgaaggctc
tccaggcgtgaatggaggacctgctggtgatttatacgtagtatttagagttaaaccatctgaaacattt
aaacgtgatggtgatgatatttattacaaattaaatgttagcttcccacaagcagctttaggcgatgaaa
taaaaataccaacattaaataatgaagttatgttaacaatccctgctggtacacaaacaggtaagcaatt
ccgcttaaaagaaaagggtataaaaaatgttcatggctatggatacggagatttatatgttgatattaaa
gtagtaacgcctactaaattaacagatagacaaaaagaactaatgaaagaatttgcccaattaaatggtg
aagaaattaatgaacaaccttcgaattttaaagatagagcaaaaagattctttaagggagaataa
>Potential gene 89:85483..86421, 939 bp
atgaactggacagagctttcaattattattaatcatgaagcagtagaattggctaccaatatacttgaaa
atcatggatcaaatggtgtcgtgatagaagattcagatgatttaattaaccaaccagaagataaatacgg
tgaaatttacgctttgaaaaaagaggattatccagataagggagtaagattgaaagcctattttaatgaa
atgacttatgatgataagttgcgacagcaaattaaagatgagttattaaatttagatgaacttgatcaac
ataacgttcaattcagtgagcaaattattgcagagacggattgggaaaatgaatggaaaaactatttcca
tccattccgagcgtcgaagaagttcacaatagttcctagttgggaaacatatgctaaagaagcggatgaa
gagctttgcattgagctcgacccaggtatggcttttggaacaggcgatcatccgactacaagtatgtgtt
tgaaggcaatagaaacatatgtattgccacagcattcagtaattgatgttggtactggctcaggtatatt
aagtattgcaagtcatctaatcggtgtaaaacgaattaaagcgttggatattgatgaaatggcagtgagt
gtagctaaagaaaacttcagaagaaatcattgtgaaacgttaattgaagctgttccaggtaacttattga
aagacgaaacagaaaaatttgatattgtaatagcaaatattttagcgcatattattgatgaaatgattga
agatgcttataatactctaaatgaaggcggttattttattacttctggtattataaaagagaagtatgaa
ggtatacagtcacatatggagcgtgtaggttttaaaattatttcagaacaacatgacaacggttgggttt
gtcttgttggccagaaagtgagtgaataa
>Potential gene 90:86375..88528, 2154 bp
atgacaacggttgggtttgtcttgttggccagaaagtgagtgaataatgtgcaacgttatttcatagacc
aaaacgctgatgtaagtcagcgtttttttattacaaaaaaagaagatattcatcatataacaaatgtaat
gagatatgatgttggtagtaaaattattttaacttttaatgatcaaacagtttatttatgtgaaattgct
gatataacaagtgataaaattgcagttgatttaaaagaaaaacaaaatattaatacagaattgccagttg
atgttacgatttgcagtggactaattaaagctgacaaatatgagtggttgctacaaaaagctactgaatt
gggtgcttcatcatttatagctgtgagcatggaacgctcaattgttaaattaaacgaggcgaaagttgcc
aaaaagatagagcgttggcaaaaaataattaaagaagctgctgaacaaagctatcgtttagtgattccat
ctattcaattcgagtcgaatttaaaattaatttgtgatactattgataattatgactatattcttattgc
atatgaagaggaagcaaaagatggtgagttaagcaatttcaagcaaactttacaacaattcaaggctcag
gataaagtgttgatgatttttggtcctgagggtggtttgtcagaaaatgaaatttcattatttagtaata
ctagtacagttgttggtcttggaccgagaattttacgggcagaaactgcaccattgtatgcgttaagtgc
aataagttatgaaaatgaattaatggggtgaatatttatgtcaacagttgcgtttcacacattaggttgt
aaagtaaaccattatgaaactgaagcaatctggcaattatttaaagaagcaaactatgagcgcgttgact
ttgaagcgaatgctgatgtatttgttattaatacttgtacagtaacgaatacaggtgataaaaaaagtcg
tcaaattattagacgtgcaataagacaaaatcctgatgctgtaatttgtgtaacaggttgttatgcgcaa
acttcatcagctgaaattatggaaattcctggtgtcgatgtagtagttggtacacaagatagacataaac
tattaggttacattgatgaattccgtaaagaacgccaaccaattaatggtgttggaaatatcatgaaaaa
tcgtaaatatgaagaattagatgtcccatattttacagatagaacacgtgcgtcattaaaaattcaagaa
ggttgtaacaacttctgcacattctgtattattccatgggctcgtggcttaatgcgttcaagagatccgg
aaaaagtagttgaacaagcgacgcaactagtgaattcaggatataaggaaattgtattgacgggaattca
tacaggtggatatggtcaagatttaaaagattataacttggcccaattattacgtgatcttgaaacgatt
aatggattagaacgaattcgaatttcttcaattgaagcaagtcaacttacagatgaagtaattgacgttt
tagaacgttcaacaaaagttgtgcgtcatttgcatattccattacaatctggttcagatacagtattaaa
acgtatgagacgtaagtatactatggatagattttcagaacgattaacaaaattgcataaagctttacca
gacttggcagttacgagtgatgtaattgttggtttcccaggtgaaactgaagcagagttccaagaaacat
atgattttatcgtaaagcataagttctctgaactgcatgttttcccttattctcctagaattggcacgcc
agctgcaagaatggatgaccaaattgatgaagaaattaaaaatgaacgcgtgcataagttaattacgcta
agcaatcaactcggaaagttatatgcgtctaaatttgatcaagatgtgcttgaagtaattcctgaggaac
agggtgacacagaaggtacattagttggatatgcagataattatatgaaagtacaatttgaaggtgacga
atcactcataggtcaaattgtaaaagttaaaattacgcaagcaaattatccattaaatgaagggcaagca
attaaagttgttgattttgcaacaaataaatctgatagagaagttttagtttaa
>Potential gene 91:89196..89924, 729 bp
atgtgagggcgaggtgaaattgtgagttataataattttttacaaatgacaactatcttggaatcaacgg
ctggagatacttgggttgaacaagttagtaatataattgttcaacctatttttacgttaatattaacctg
tttgacattcttaggatttgtatatcaactttactctaaaaaaatcaatgcagctggtattatcgccaca
ttatcattacttattttatttttgggatttctaatccaaggaaatgtcaatatgcattctatcttaatat
tctcaattggcgttatattagttgtaattgaattatttgtagttggtgcagtaattggtattattggcat
gatactgataactataagcataacaacgctcggtgataatttgctatttatgcttgcgaatgttatcgtt
gccttgattttaacgattgtagaatgggtgatattagtgaagattttcaacagaaagattccgtttttgg
ataaagttatcttaaaagattcaactaattctgagtcaggttacaattctcatgataaccgctcgcacct
cgtaggaaagactgctcaaacagttacagatcttcgacctgcagggattattttttgtgaaaatgaacgt
attgatgctgtttcagatggcaactttattttacgcaataaaacggtaaaaatccttgaagttgaaggaa
caagagtagttgtgagggaagtagattaa
>Potential gene 92:89942..90931, 990 bp
atgtttagtttaagttttatcgtaatagcagttattatagtagttgcattacttattttattctcatttg
taccgattggtttatggatttcagcgttagcagctggcgttcatgttggtataggtacattggttggtat
gcgtttacgtcgtgtatctccaagaaaagttatagcgccattaattaaagcgcataaagcaggactagca
ttaacaacaaatcaattagaatcgcattatctagcaggaggaaatgttgacagagttgttgacgctaata
ttgctgcacaacgtgctgacattgatcttcctttcgaacgtgctgctgcaattgaccttgcaggacgtga
cgtattagaagcggttcaaatgtctgttaatcctaaagtcattgaaacaccatttatcgcaggtgtagca
atgaacggtattgaagtgaaagccaaagctcgtatcacagttagagctaatattgctcgacttgttggtg
gtgctggtgaagaaacaatcatcgcacgtgttggtgaaggtatcgtttcaacaattggttctagtaagca
tcatacagaagtacttgaaaacccagataatatttctaaaacagtattaagcaaaggtttagattcaggt
actgcatttgaaattttatcaattgatattgctgacgttgatattagtaaaaatattggtgcagacttac
aaactgaacaagcattagcagacaaaaatattgcacaagcaaaagctgaagaacgtagagctatggctgt
agcaactgagcaagaaatgaaagcgcgtgtacaagaaatgcatgctaaagtagttgaagccgaatctgaa
gtgccattagctatggctgaagcattacgctcaggcaatatcagtgttaaagattattataatttgaaaa
atatcgaagctgatacaggcatgagaaatgcaattaataaacgaactgatcaaagtgatgatgagtcacc
tgaacattaa
>Potential gene 93:90948..91646, 699 bp
atgagtgtcggtattctaatttttgtcatatcagtgatcatttctatcattactactatgcgcgaaaata
gtcataaagatagacaaaatcaaaagccacctcaaaaaacatctaccgataatgaaccaaaaaaaggtgg
cttttttgaagaaattgagcgaacgtttaaagaaataagtgaagaattaaatgaagaagaaaagaaatca
tcgaaacgaaaatatgatgatacgttaccacctttattcgatgaacttccaaaggaagagcctaaatcga
aacctgttgtagaacctatggcacctaaaaaacaaccagaaacaaaaccgatgacagagaaaccaattac
agtgcctaaagcagaaccggtggagcagaaacatagaccttctagacaagataattctgacgaaattaga
cgtcaattagaaaaatcacttagagatgatattaaaacgattcgtactgacattgatagagaaaaagaaa
agcaaattgctaaaatggaaaaacgtgctagagatattattgaggataaatacttatctgaacgtacaaa
acgtttgaaattaaagcagttgcttaattctcaaaatgtcgaaaaagatttgactaaatcagcgttccaa
tttgataaagatgaagtaatcaatggtatgatatggtcagaaattttagctaaaccaaaacaattataa
>Potential gene 94:91932..92897, 966 bp
atgaaaaggagcgcgtgtatgcctggaattatacaaatagacgatatgaaccaatctcaagctttaattg
gaaataatgatgaacatttaaaagcaattgaagagagtttcgatgttgtcatccatgcaagaggacaaga
agttgccgttaaaggtacaaaaatagaaaacgtagaaaaagcggaatcagtattaatcaatttgctgaag
gttattgatttaggtaataatattacaattaaagatgttgaagcagctattaaaatggcgcataataaca
caattcaacatctgttagatttatatgatgaagagataactaaagatgcatttggtaaaacgattcgtgc
gaaaacgatggggcaacgtatatatgttaatgccatgaaaaataatgatttagtatttggtataggtcct
gctggtacaggtaagacattcttagctgtagtttatgcggcaaagcaactccgtaaaggtgctgttaaac
gtattgtattaacaagacctgctgttgaagcaggagagtcacttggatttttaccaggagatttgaaaga
aaaggtagatccatatttaagacctttatatgatggtctctatactgttcttgggcgtgaacaaacagag
cgatttattgaaagaggcattatcgaaatagcgccacttgcatatatgcgcggacgaacattagaagatg
catttgtaattcttgatgaggcgcagaatacgacacatgcgcaaatgaaaatgtttttaacaagactagg
ttttggctcaaaaatggtagttactggtgaccaaactcaaatcgatttacctaaaggtgttaaaagtgga
cttaaagaagcggtcagtaggttacacaacgttaaaggtataagtatattgaaattagatcagagcgatg
tagtgagacatccattggtaagtaagatcattgaacattatgaaggagagaattaa
>Potential gene 95:92898..93365, 468 bp
atgtttacgatagattttagcgatcacacaggcttagttaaagatgcttggtataaacaaattgaagatt
tattagaatttgctaaaaaagaagagcatatagaagacgatgctgagctttctgttacatttgtagataa
acaagaaatacaagaaattaatcgaacatatagagataaagataaagttacagatgtaatctcatttgct
ttagaagaagatgagccagagattgattttagtgatcttgatataccacgtgttttaggggatataatta
tctgtacggatgtagcgcaagaacaagcaaacaattacggacattcttttgaacgagaattaggattttt
agcattacatggatttttgcatctattaggttatgatcatatgactgaagcggatgaaaaggaaatgttt
ggtcgacaagatacaatattaaacgcatatggattaacacgagactaa
>Potential gene 96:93368..93712, 345 bp
atgaaaaggtttaaatatgcacttgatgggctgaaaatcttaattcaaaaagactataaatttcttttac
atgtgtttgcaatgattgttgctattgtctttggtctcgtactaaatattaatcggattgagtggatatt
tatactcattgctattgcattagttctcactgttgaagctttaaacactgctattgaatatgttgtcgat
ttagtgaccgttgaatatcatgatttagctaaatacgctaaagatattgcggcttttagtgtacttatag
tttcaatattagcatttattataggtttaatagtatttttaccacattttatagcgttattttag
>Potential gene 97:93723..94127, 405 bp
atgagttatcaacctcattattttcaagaagttagaaaagcacaacaagaatcatattcgccatacagtc
aatttaaagtaggggcttatttaaaaacgaaagacggtagaactttttatggtaccaatgtagaaaatgc
ttcttatccattatcgatatgtgctgaacgagctagtttggtatcggcaatttctcaaggatacagacca
ggtgattttgaatcaataactgtaaccgtagatgcagataaaccgtcatcaccttgtggtgcatgtcgtc
aagttttgaaggaattatgtgatgatgatatgcctgtgtatatgacaaatcataaaggagatatggttat
gatgacagtcgcagagttactaccatttggattttcaggaaaggatttagaataa
>Potential gene 98:94128..95027, 900 bp
atgacagaacataaatcaggatttgtttcaattataggtagaccaaatgtaggaaagtcaacatttgtta
atagagtgatcggccataaaatagcaatcatgtccgataaagctcaaacaactagaaataaaattcaagg
tgttatgacaagagatgacgcgcaaattatattcattgatacgccaggtattcataaacctaaacacaaa
ttaggtgactatatgatgaaagtcgctaaaaatacattatctgagatagatgcaatcatgtttatggtta
atgccaatgaggaaattggacgaggcgatgaatatattatagaaatgttgaaaaatgttaagacaccagt
atttttagtattaaataaaatagatttagtgcatccagatgaattaatgccaaagattgaagaatatcaa
agttatatggactttacagagattgtacctatttcagcattagaagggctaaatgtcgatcattttattg
atgttttaaagacgtatttacccgaaggacctaaatattatccagatgatcaaatttcagaccatcctga
acaatttgtagtgggtgaaatcattcgtgaaaaaatccttcatcttacaagtgaagaaatccctcatgcg
attggtgttaatgtggaccgtatggttaaagaaagcgaagatcgcgttcatatcgaagcaactatatatg
ttgaaagagattcgcaaaaaggaattgtcattggaaaaggcggtaaaaagttaaaagaagtaggaaaacg
tgcgagacgtgatatagaaatgcttctaggctctaaagtttacttagaattatgggtcaaagttcaaaga
gactggcgaaacaaagttaactttattcgccaaattggttatgttgaagaccaagattaa
>Potential gene 99:95055..95801, 747 bp
atgcgccaaaaagggattatcatcaaagcagttgattatggtgaatctgataaaattatcacgattttaa
atgagcatggtgcaaaagtaccacttatggcaaggcgtgctaaaaaagttaagacgggtttacaagcgca
aacgcaattgtttgtttatggtttgtttatttacaatcagtggcgaggtatgggaacgttaaattctgta
gatgttattagtcaacattataaattacaaatggacctttacgtaagcagttatgcctctctggcagctg
aaactattgagcgctcaatggatgaaggtgacattgcaccatataactatcaattattacaatttgttct
tgaaaaaatagaatcaggtacatctgcacagttaatgtcagtcgtagttatgttaaagtgtatgaaacga
tttggttttactgcatcatttaatcgctgtgctgtgagtggtaatgacacacaagcagatttaataggtt
atagttttaagtttgacggtgcgatttcaaggcaagaggcttctaaagatgtacatgcagttatattatc
gaataaaacactatatttattagatgtattacaaaaattaccaatagataaaatgaattcattgaatatc
catcaagaaattattgatgaaatgtcagatatcattttaatgttatatcgtgaatatgcaggtatgtttt
ttaaaagtcagaaactaatcaaccaattaaaaagattggaacaataa
>Potential gene 100:95952..97391, 1440 bp
atgctgttattttccatggggcgttttcatgtatgaggagaggtaattatggcaaaagatatggatacaa
ttgtttcattagcaaaacacagaggttttgtgttccctggtagtgatatttacggtggtttatcaaacac
atgggattatggtcctttaggtgttgaattaaagaataatgttaaaaaagcttggtggcaaaaattcatt
acacaatcaccgtttaacgttggtatcgatgctgcaatcttaatgaatccaaaagtatgggaagcttcag
gacacttaaacaacttcaacgacccaatgattgataataaagatagtaaaattcgatatcgcgctgataa
attaattgaagattatatgcaggatgttaaaggtgatgaaaacttcattgccgatggtttaagttttgaa
caaatgaaaaaaattattgacgatgaaggtattgtttgtcctgtaagtaaaactgctaactggactgaaa
ttcgccaattcaatttaatgtttaaaacattccaaggtgtaactgaagattctacaaatgaaattttctt
acgtcctgaaacagcacaaggtatttttgtaaactataaaaacgtgcaacgttcaatgcgtaaaaaatta
ccatttggtatcggtcaaattggtaaatcattccgtaatgaaatcactccaggtaacttcattttcagaa
caagagaatttgaacaaatggaacttgaattcttctgtaaacctggagaagaaatcgaatggcaaaatta
ttggaaaacttttgcaagtgactggttaacaagcttaaatatgagcagtgaaaatatgcgtttacgtgat
catgatgaagatgaattatctcattactcaaatgcaacaactgatattgaatataaattcccatttggtt
ggggtgagttatggggtatcgcaagtcgtacagacttcgacttacgtaaacatgctgaacactctggtga
agatttcagataccatgatccagaaacgaatgaaaaatatattccatattgtatcgagccatcacttggt
gcagatcgtgtaacattagctttcttatgtgatgcatatgatgaagaaggcgttgaaggtagtaaagatg
cacgtacagttttacacttccatcctgcattagcaccatataaagcagcgattttacctttaagtaagaa
attatctggcgaagcgattaagatttttgagcaattaagttctaaattctcaatcgatttcgatgaatca
caatctatcggtaaaagataccgtcgtcaagatgaaatcggtacaccttattgtgtaacattcgactttg
attcattagaagataatcaagttacagtacgtgacagagattcaatggaacaagttcgtatgccaatctc
agagttagaagctttcttaactgaaaaaacaaaattctaa
>Potential gene 101:97810..98301, 492 bp
atgtcaggttttttagaagcgcgtccccgagttggatattattattcaggtaaatcaaaaggtaaatttt
ttaatgaaaaacttcgacaatttgaggttaaggactatatgtctcaacctgttgtgctaagagagaatac
aacagtttatgacgctatttgtacaatttttttagaagatgtaagtacattatttattattaatgaagat
aacgattttgttggtgtgtgttcaagaaaagatttattaagagcttcaatgattggagcagatattcata
cagtacctatcagtgtaaatatgacacgtatgcctaatgtcacttatttagaggaaagcgaattagtcat
atacgcagcagatagaatgattgaaaaagaaattgattcgattccaattgtaagaaaaaaagataatcaa
aagtatgaagtaattggaagaatttccaaaacaacaatagctaagttattagtagcattatataaagaat
ag
>Potential gene 102:98312..99166, 855 bp
atggaaaaaattaaaattatcgtagcttcagattctataggtgaaacggcagagttagttgctagggcag
gtatttcacaattcaatcctaagcaatgtaaaaatgaattattaagatatccatatattgaatcttttga
agatgttgatgaagtgattcaagttgcaaaagatacaaatgctatcattgtttatacacttattaaacct
gaaatgaagcaatatatgagtgagaaagtagcagaattccaattgaagtctgtcgatatcatggggccat
taatggatttattatcagcttcggttgaagaaaaaccttataatgagccaggtatcgttcatagattaga
tgatgcatatttcaagaaaattgatgcgatagagtttgcagttaaatatgatgatggtaaagatcctaaa
ggattacctaaagctgatattgttttacttggtatttcgagaacttcaaagacaccattatctcagtatt
tagcgcataagagttacaaagttatgaatgtaccgattgtaccagaagtgacaccgccagatggcttata
tgatattgatccaaagaaatgtatcgcacttaaaataagtgaagaaaaattaaatcgcattagaaaagag
cgactaaaacaattaggactaggtgacacagctcgatatgcaacagaagcacgaattcaagaagaattga
attactttgaagaaatcgtaagtgaaattggatgtcctgtcattgatgtttctcaaaaagcaatcgaaga
aacagcaaacgatataatccattatattgaacaaaataaatcgaaatgatttcatttttgtcgaaaatta
ggtataatagtataa
>Potential gene 103:99170..101008, 1839 bp
atgcttaataggtgatttaatttgcgaatagatcaatcgatcattaatgaaataaaagataaaaccgaca
ttttagacttggtaagtgaatatgtaaaattagaaaagagaggacgcaattatataggtttgtgtccttt
tcatgatgaaaagacaccttcatttacagtttctgaagataaacaaatttgtcattgttttggttgtaaa
aaaggtggcaatgtttttcaatttactcaagaaattaaagacatatcatttgttgaagcggttaaagaat
taggtgatagagttaatgttgctgtagatattgaggcaacacaatctaactcaaatgttcaaattgcttc
tgatgatttacaaatgattgaaatgcatgagttaatacaagaattttattattacgctttaacaaagaca
gtcgaaggcgaacaagcattaacatacttacaagaacgtggttttacagatgcgcttattaaagagcgag
gcattggctttgcacccgacagctcacatttttgtcatgattttcttcaaaaaaagggttacgatattga
attagcatatgaagccggattattatcacgtaacgaagaaaatttcagttattacgatagatttcgaaat
cgaattatgtttcctttgaaaaatgcgcaaggaagaattgttggatattcaggtcgaacatataccggtc
aagaaccaaaatacttaaatagtcctgaaacgcctatctttcaaaaaagaaagttgttatataacttaga
taaagcacgtaaatcaattagaaaattagatgaaattgtattactagaaggttttatggatgttataaaa
tctgatactgctggcttgaaaaacgttgttgcaacaatgggtacacagttgtcagatgaacatatcacct
ttatacgaaagttaacatcaaatataacattaatgtttgatggggattttgcgggtagtgaagcaacact
taaaacaggtcaacatttgttacagcaagggctaaatgtatttgttatacaattgccatctggcatggat
ccggatgaatacattggtaagtatggcaacgacgcatttactacttttgtgaaaaatgacaaaaagtcat
ttgcacattataaagtaagtatattaaaagatgaaattgcacataatgacctttcatatgaacgttattt
gaaagaactgagtcatgacatttcacttatgaagtcatcaattctgcaacaaaaggctataaatgatgtt
gcgccatttttcaatgttagtcctgagcagttagctaacgaaatacaattcaatcaagcaccagccaatt
attatccagaagatgagtatggcggttatgatgagtatggaggttacattgaacctgagccaattggtat
ggcacaatttgacaatttgagccgtcaagaaaaagcggagcgagcatttttaaaacatttaatgagagat
aaagatacatttttaaattattatgaaagtgttgataaggataacttcacaaatcagcattttaaatatg
tattcgaagtcttacatgatttttatgcggaaaatgatcaatataatatcagtgatgctgtacagtatgt
taattcaaatgagttgagagaaacactaattagcttagaacaatataatttgaatgacgaaccatatgaa
aatgaaattgatgattatgtcaatgttattaatgaaaaaggacaagaaacaattgagtcattgaatcata
aattaagggaagctacaaggattggcgatgtagaattacaaaaatactatttacagcaaattgttgctaa
gaataaagaacgcatgtag
>Potential gene 104:101232..102338, 1107 bp
atgtctgataacacagttaaaattaaaaaacaaacaattgatccgacattaacattagaagatgttaaga
agcaattaattgaaaaaggtaaaaaagagggtcatttaagtcatgaagaaattgctgaaaaacttcagaa
ttttgatatcgactctgatcaaatggatgatttctttgatcaattaaatgataatgatatttcactagtt
aatgaaaaagatagttcagatactgacgagaaactgaatccaagtgatcttagtgcccctccaggtgtta
aaataaatgacccagttcgtatgtaccttaaagaaattgggcgtgttaacttattaagtgcacaagaaga
aatcgaattagccaaacgtattgaacaaggtgatgaagtagcaaaatcaagacttgcagaagcgaactta
cgtttagttgtaagtattgctaaaagatacgtaggtcgtggtatgttattccttgatttaatccaagaag
gtaatatgggtcttattaaagctgttgaaaaatttgactttaacaaaggatttaagttttcaacatatgc
aacatggtggattagacaagcaatcactcgtgcaattgctgaccaagcacgtacgattcgtatccctgtg
catatggtagaaacaattaataaattaattcgtgttcaacgtcaattattacaggacttaggtcgagatc
cagcaccagaagaaattggtgaagaaatggatttaccagcagaaaaagttcgtgaaattttaaaaattgc
gcaagaacctgtttcattagaaacaccaattggtgaagaagatgatagtcatttaggagactttattgag
gatcaggaagcacaaagtccttcagatcatgctgcttatgaattattaaaagagcaattagaagatgtgc
ttgatacattaactgatagagaagaaaatgtattacgattaagatttggtcttgatgacggcagaacaag
aacacttgaagaagttggtaaagttttcggtgttacacgtgaacgtattcgacaaattgaagcaaaagca
cttagaaaattaagacatccaagtcgtagtaaacgtttgaaagactttatggattaa
>Potential gene 105:102469..103146, 678 bp
atgatttcgttaaataaccgattaacgacggtaagtcgatttttaaaacaaggtacaatcgcggatattg
gctcagatcatgcttatttgccaatctatgcaattcaaaaccatttatgcgaatgcggtattgcaggaga
agttattcaaggcccctttcaagctgcagtgaaaaatgtagctgcaaatcaattagaagatagaattgat
gtacgtttaggggatggcttaagtgttattcatcccgaggacgtaatcgataatatcacaatttgtggta
tgggcggaccacttattgctaaaattttaaaagatgggcaagataagttaagtcaacatccaaggttgat
tttacaaagtaatatccaaactgaaaatttaagacaaacattacaacaattgaattatgaaataattgat
gaaataataatggaagaaaaaggccatatttatgaaattgttgtagcagaatattctacacaattaatag
agctatcatctgatgaattgaaattcggaccaaaattgctgaacaacaaaaatgaatattttataaaaaa
atggcaaagagagttagaagcactttatcatattaaatcgaaactcaatactgaacaacatcatcaacgt
ttagctcaaattaatgacgaaattgctgtaattgaaagggtgttatag
>Potential gene 106:103149..104249, 1101 bp
atgaaaatagctgatttaatgacattgttagatcatcatgtgccatttagtactgctgaatcttgggata
atgtaggattgttaataggtgatgaagatgttgaagttactggtgttttaacagcattagactgtacgtt
ggaagtagtaaatgaagcaatcgaaaaaggttataatactattattagtcatcatcctctaatctttaaa
ggcgtaacatcattaaaagctaatggttatggtttgattattagaaaactaattcaacatgacattaatt
taatagcgatgcatacaaatttagatgtaaatccgtatggtgtcaatatgatgttggcgaaggcgatggg
tttgaagaacatttcaataatcaataatcaacaaggtgtatactataaagttcaaacatatatacctaag
gataatgttggaccatttaaagataagcttagtgaaaatggattagcacaagaaggtaattatgaatatt
gtttctttgaaagtgaaggaagagggcaattcaaaccagttggtgaagctaatccaacaataggacaaat
tgataaaattgaatatgtagatgaagttaaaattgaatttatgatagatgcatatcaaaagtcaagggct
gagcaattaattaaacaataccatccatatgaaacaccggtatttgattttattgagataaaacaaacat
ccctttatggacttggcgttatggcagaagtggataatcaaatgacattggaagatttcgcagctgatat
taaatctaaattaaatatcccaagtgtccgttttgttggtaagtctaatcagaaaattaaacgtattgca
attattggtggttcaggtattggatatgaatatcaagctgtccaacaaggcgcagatgtctttgttacag
gtgatattaaacatcatgatgccttagatgctaaaattcatggtgtgaacttaattgatattaatcatta
cagcgaatatgtgatgaaagaaggtttaaaaacgttactaatgaattggttcaatacagaaaaaataaat
atagatgttgaagcatctacaattaatacagatccatttcaatatatttaa
>Potential gene 107:104363..105709, 1347 bp
atggcaaaacatccattcgaacaatttaatctagaatctagtttaattgacgctgtgaaagaccttaatt
ttgaaaaaccaactgaaattcagaatcgaattattccaagaatactaaagagaacaaatttaattggtca
atctcaaacgggtacagggaaatctcatgcatttttattaccattaatgcagttaattgatagtgaaata
aaagaaccacaagcaatcgtagttgcaccaacaagagaacttgcacaacaactatacgatgcagcgaacc
atttaagccaatttaaagctggcgtttcagttaaagtttttattggtggtacagatatagagaaagatag
acaacgttgtaatgcacaaccacaattgattataggcacccctactagaattaatgacttagctaaaacg
ggacatttacatgtgcacttagcatcatatttagttattgatgaagcggatcttatgattgacttaggat
taattgaagatgtagattacattgctgcaagattggaagataatgcaaatattgcggtgtttagtgctac
aattccacaacagttacaaccatttttaaataaatatttaagtcatccagaatatgtagctgtcgacagt
aaaaaacaaaataaaaagaacatcgaattctttttaatacctactaaaggtgcagctaaagttgaaaaga
ctttaaatttaattgatatactaaatccatacttatgtattattttctgtaatagtagagataatgcaaa
tgatttagcacgttcactaaatgaagctggtattaaagttggtatgattcatggtggtttaacgccacgt
gaacgtaaacaacaaatgaaacgtatacgtaatttagaattccaatacgttattgccagcgatttagcat
ctcgtggtattgatattgaaggtgttagtcatgtcatcaattttgatgtgccaaatgatattgacttctt
tacacatagagtcggacgaactggtcgtgggaattataaaggtgtagcaataacgctttatagtcctgat
gaagaacacaatatttcattaatagaaaatcgcggttttgttttcaatactgttgatattaaagatggtg
agttaaaagaagttaaagcgcacaatcagcgtcaagcaagaatgcgcaaagatgaccatttaactaatca
agtgaagaacaaagttcgaagtaaaattaaaaacaaagttaaaccaggttataagaagaaatttaagcaa
gaagttgaaaaaatgaaacgtcaagagcgtaaacaatttagtaagcagcaaaatagacaaaaacgtaagc
aaaacaaaaaaggttag
>Potential gene 108:105719..106609, 891 bp
atgttattaggatcacatgtttcaatgagtggtaaaaagatgttagaaggttctgctatagaagcgcatg
aatatggtgaaacaacatttatgatttatactggtgcacctcaaaatacgcgccgtaaaagtattgaaga
tttaaatataactaaaggtcatgaagtgatggaaaaatatggcttatctaatattgttgttcatgcacca
tacatcattaatattgcaaatacaaccaaaccagaaacgtttaatcttggtgtagatttcttgcaacaag
aaattgaaagaacgcaagctataggcgctaaagatattgtattacatccaggtgcgcatgttggagctgg
tgttgatgccggaattaataagattattgaaggattaaatgaagttttaacgaatgacaataatgtacgt
attgcgcttgaaacgatggcaggtaaaggtactgagattggtcgctcgtttgaagagttagcacgtatta
ttgatggagttcataataacgaacgtttatcagtatgttttgatacatgtcatacgcatgatgctggata
taatgtgaaagaggactttgatggcgtattaaatgaatttgataaaatcattggagtcgacagaatcaaa
gttgttcatgtcaatgattctaaaaatgaccgtggcgctcaaaaagaccgacatgaaaatattggcttcg
gttacattggttttgatgcattaaattacattgtgcatcatgatagttttaaagatattccgaaaatctt
agaaacaccttatgttggtgaagataagaaaaataaaaaaccgccatataaacttgaaattgaaatgttg
aaacaacagcaatttgacccagaattaaaaaataaggttatgcaacaataa
>Potential gene 109:106735..107520, 786 bp
atgcgaggtgagaatacgatgacaccagtctttgaattgaagaatgtcaattactactatgatcataaaa
aagtgttagaaaatataaacattaaaataaataaaggtgaatttttagcaattgttggaccaaatggtgc
tggtaaatcaacattattgaagttgattctaggattattacctttacaaagtggtgagatttttgttgaa
ggtattgattttaaaaataagaaaacatcaattaaattaagctatgtatcacaaaaagcaaatgccttta
attcaggtttcccagcaagtgttaaagaagttgttttaagcggattaacaaagacaaaacgtcttttcca
aacatttaatagcaaagataatgaaaaagtgattaaagtactagaaagactgaatataagtgatttaatt
cataaaaatatagcagaattatcaggtggtcaacaacaacgtgtaatgattgctcgagcattgatttcag
aacctgcagtattagtacttgatgaaccgacgaatggtattgatgcaaaacatgtaagtgaattttataa
tactttagatcaattaaaacaagaaggtatcactattatcttagttactcatgatattggtgttgtagca
gatactgctactgaagtagcatgtttaaataagcatttgcatttccatggtacaactgatgagtttaaat
cacttgatgaagttgaaatttcaaaaatttatggacatcctgtacgttttgtcgatcatcagcataatcg
agaatgttgtaattaa
>Potential gene 110:107592..108434, 843 bp
atgaggtactctttaattagtggtatcttgataggttttattgcgcctctaatcggtgcttttatcgttg
ttagacgactatcacttatagctgatgctctaagtcatgtaactttaggtggtatatccttcggtatgtt
tttacttactattatgccaacactagtatttattaatccaatgtggtttggaatcttattcgcaatagta
ggtgcgcttctaattgaaaaattaagaacgtcatacactgcttaccaagaaattgctattccaattataa
tgagtgctggtatcgccttgagtgcaatcttcatttcattagctgatgggttcaatcaagaaattgttgg
attgctatttggctcaataagcgcagtgaatataagtgatttaacaacgattattgtcattgccatcata
gttgttctgtttattacattgttttataaagaattatttatattgtcatttgatgaggaatatagtaaag
tcattggcattcctaaatggattcaatttttatttattgttattgtagcgatggttatttctgcctcaat
gcgtgttgtagggatactgttagtaagtgcgttaatcacgttaccaattgcaataagtatgcgaataaca
aaaagttttaagcaattgatattactaagtgtatttttaggtgaattatcagtaatattaggcttagtcc
tagctttctatatggacatttctccgggtggtgtaattgtagttctactggttattttacttatgattac
aatggcttatcagaaaatgcgaatgaagtttaaaaagggagctaatatcaatgaatacaaatgatgctat
taa
>Potential gene 111:108412..108822, 411 bp
atgaatacaaatgatgctattaaaattttaaaagagaacggtttaaaatatacagataaacgtaaagata
tgttagatatttttgtcgaagaagataagtatataaacgcaaagtatatacaacaagttatggatgaaaa
ttatcctggaatttcattcgacacaatatatagaaacctgcacttatttaaagatttagggattattgaa
aatacagaacttgatggtgaaatgaaatttagaatcgcttgtacaaaccatcatcatcatcattttatct
gtgaaaagtgtggagatacaaaggtaatagattattgtccaatagatcagataaaattatcactacctgg
tgttaatattcacaaacacaaacttgaagtttatggtgtatgtgagtcttgccaagattaa
>Potential gene 112:109098..109697, 600 bp
atggcttttgaattaccaaaattaccatacgcatttgatgcattagaaccacattttgacaaagaaacta
tggaaattcaccatgacagacatcataacacttatgttacgaaattaaatgctgcagtagaaggtacaga
tttagaatctaaatctattgaagaaattgttgctaatttagacagtgtaccagctaacatccaaactgct
gtacgtaataatggcggtggacatttaaaccattcattattctgggagttactttcaccaaactcagaag
aaaaaggtactgttgtagaaaaaattaaagaacaatggggttctttagaagaatttaaaaaagaatttgc
tgacaaagcagctgcacgctttggttcaggttgggcttggttagtcgtaaacaatggccagttagaaatt
gtgactacaccaaaccaagataatccattaactgagggtaaaacacctattttaggtttagacgtatggg
aacacgcttattacctaaaatatcaaaacaaacgccctgactacattggcgcattttggaatgtagttaa
ctgggaaaaagttgacgaattatataatgcaacaaaataa
>Potential gene 113:110076..111893, 1818 bp
atggctattacatatactaggggtcgaaaaacaacacaatcggaaatgttggatacggctgaaaagttat
caaagctaatcaagatggatactaagaagattacagaacgtgataaaaaagatttctggattcagttgca
tcctaaaaaagcaaaagcaatgatgacaaaagaacaagctatgttagcagatggaagtattaaacaagat
caatatgataaacaactgttatcgaaaatcggaaaatcacaattagatgaattgtcttctaaagatttac
aagttttagccatttttcgagagatgaatgcaggaacagttttagatccacaaatgataaaaaatgaaga
tgtcagtgaaaaagagtatgcagcagtttctcagcaactttccaaattaccaggtgttaacacgtctatg
gattgggatagaaaatatccatatggcgacacattaagaggtatattcggagatgtatcgacacctgctg
aaggtattccaaaagaattgacagaacattacttatccaaaggatattcacgcaatgatcgtgttggaaa
atcttacctagaatatcaatatgaagatgtattgcgtggtaagaagaaagaaatgaaatacacaacggac
aaatctggtaaagttacatcttcagaagtgttaaatcctggcgctcgcggtcaagatttgaaattaacga
tcgatatagatcttcaaaaagaagtagaagcattattagataaacaaattaagaagcttcgcagccaagg
tgcaaaagatatggataatgctatgatggttgtacaaaatcctaaaaatggagacattcttgcgcttgcc
ggaaagcagattaataagagtggtaaaatgactgattatgacattggtacgtttacttctcaatttgcag
ttggatcttctgtaaaaggtggaacattattagctggttatcagaataaagctatcaaagttggagaaac
aatggtcgatgaaccattacatttccaaggtggtttgacaaaacgatcatactttaataaaaacgggcat
gtatctattaatgataagcaagctttgatgcattcatcaaacgtatatatgtttaaaacagcattaaaat
tagcgggagacccttattattctggtatggctttaccatcagacataagttcacctgcccaaaagctaag
aagaggattgaatcaagtaggcttaggtgtgaaaacaggtatagatttaccaaatgaaacaaaaggtcaa
atcgaaccattaacaaataatccaggtaattatctagatttatcaattggtcaatatgatacctatacac
cattacaattatcacaatatgtttcaactatagcgaatgatggttatagaatacaaccacacattggatt
aacgattcatgaatcaactaataaagatgaggttggtccactcaagaagaaaattaatggcaccgtcttg
aacaaagttaataatactgaaaatgaaatcaaacaaattcaagaagggttcaaaatggcgtttaatgata
aagatggtactggatatgttagttttaaagatacagtagtgcctactgctggtaaaactggtaccgctga
agtgttccaaaacggagagccaagagttaactctacttatataggatacgcgccaattgatgatccaaaa
ttagcgttttcaattgtatatacaaatcagcctgtaccaccaccatggttaacaggtggagacttaggta
gagatgtaattaactactactttaagcagttaggtaaagatgataaaaataaagataaagataaataa
>Potential gene 114:112006..112155, 150 bp
atgcgcgtaaacgtaactttagcttgtacggaatgtggtgacagaaactacattacaactaagaacaaaa
gaaataatccagaacgtgttgaaatgaagaaattctgttcacgtgaaaacaaacaaactttacaccgtga
aacaaaataa
>Potential gene 115:112064..112300, 237 bp
atgatgaattatgcgacaattctaaaatttattatttcaattgaaaatcttttatcatttcatacgtgtg
cacaattaaaaaggtgaaacctcttattttgagatttcaccttttttattgttaatttaaatttaatttt
aatgattattttgtttcacggtgtaaagtttgtttgttttcacgtgaacagaatttcttcatttcaacac
gttctggattatttcttttgttcttag
>Potential gene 116:112310..112903, 594 bp
atgacatgtattgttattaacgatataatagaattgaataaagtgggtgataatgtgactaaaaatgaga
ttagaaaatacattttacataaaatgaagaattttaataaggctgaaaagcgaaaagcagacacatggtt
aagaaatcaattttttgcaactgaagaatataaagaagcaaacgcaattgcgctagttctttcttttaat
catgaagtagatactttttctattattgaacaagccttaatggatcataaacgtatttttgtaccgaaaa
tggattatttaaatcatcaaatgacttttaaagagatatttaatctcaaagatattgatgtcgataataa
gggggtttactatccaacttcaaaaggtgaaacaacgaataacctagatttaattgttgttcctggtgtt
ggatttcaagacgatggatatagaattgggtatggtggtggctattacgacaggtttttagctaattatc
agacaaagacaataagcttattatacgattttcaaataacatcatttgaaccggaatcattcgatcaacc
agtcgataaattgattatatatcaatcagcatag
>Potential gene 117:112915..114378, 1464 bp
atgaacatagacaaacaattttggaaaacaatatattattggattaggtacttgaattttgatattgtca
gtagggaaaaagatgaccaagaaatttggttagcccataaaagaaaaaaacaagtagtcatttttaaaca
acatatcaagtctacccaagaaatacgttttgacaaagcgaaagtgcttgaacacaaagatgaaatagca
aattttatttctttcgaaccacaaagttttgaattttattattttacagaatcggaattttcagaagaac
aattaaatgaagtttcgccaattagaattaaattcaatgttataagacacacaaaagatttggtaaagca
tatgccgaatatatttttggctagacttatttcagaagataatgataaaaagacatatatgttctataaa
cgcaaagtattaaccgataactttttagataaatatatgcagaaattttcaccggcaacatacacaataa
tatttgtaaatgtcttaatatggttatgtatgattttatatttaaataatttttcggatgtaaaattatt
agatgttggcgggttagtgcattttaatgtcgtacatggtgaatggtatcgaattgttacatcgatgttt
ttacattttagttttgaacatatacttatgaatatgctttcattatttatttttggtaaaatagtcgaag
caattattggttcatggcggatgttaactgtatactttattgcagggttgtttggaaactttgtatcact
atcatttaatacgactacaatttcagttggggctagtggtgctatatttggtctgattggatcaattttt
gcgatgatgtatgtttcaaaaacatttaacaaaaaaatgttagggcagttattaattgcattagtgatat
tagttggtgtttctctgtttatgtcaaatataaatattgtggcgcatattggaggattcattggtggttt
attaataactttaattggctattactataaagtgaatcgtaatattttttggattttactaattggtatg
cttgttatatttattgcacttcaaattagaatttttacaattaaagaagataatatttataataaattga
tcaaagatgatatgactagtggtaattatgataatgctcaaaatattgtgaagcagacaataaataaaaa
ttatgccgatgatcaaacatattatttaagtggtatgattatggctactatcaattctaagtctgaaggt
atgacagaatgggagcgaggacttagaatgtttcctaaatcaggtttattaaattttgagttagcgatag
caaatcgttcattaaatgatgatgaaaaagcattaaaatatgtgcgtaaagcattaaatacagaccctaa
aaatacagattatattaacttagaaaaagagttgactaaatcaaatgagtcgaaaaataaataa
>Potential gene 118:114559..115545, 987 bp
atgacaaaaattattttagcagctgatgtaggcgggacgacttgtaaattaggtattttcacacctgaat
tagaacaattacataaatggtctattcacactgatacatctgatagtacaggatatacacttttgaaagg
aatttatgattcgtttgttgaaaaagtaaatgaaaataattataatttttcaaatgtacttggcgtaggt
attggtgttccaggtcctgttgactttgaaaaaggtacagtaaatggagcagtaaacttatattggccag
aaaaagttaatgtacgtgagatttttgaacaattcgttgattgtccagtgtatgtagataatgatgctaa
catagctgctttaggggagaaacacaaaggtgctggtgaaggtgccgatgatgttgttgccatcacactt
ggtacaggtctaggtggaggaattatttcaaatggtgaaatcgtacatggtcataatggctctggcgcag
aaataggtcattttagagcagacttcgatcaacgatttaaatgtaattgtggtcgttctggatgtattga
aacagttgcttcagcgacaggcgttgttaacttagttaacttctactatccgaagttgacgtttagatct
tctatattagaattgattaaagaaaataaggttacagcaaaagctgtttttgatgcggcaaaagctggtg
accaattctgtattttcattactgaaaaggttgcaaactatattggatatttatgtagtattattagtgt
tacaagtaatccgaaatatatcgttttaggtggaggaatgtctactgcaggacctattttaattgaaaat
attaaaacagaatatcataatttaacatttacacctgctcaatttgaaactgaaattgttcaagcgaaat
taggtaatgatgcaggtattacaggagcagcaggattaatcaagacctatgtattagataaagagggggt
aaaataa
>Potential gene 119:115545..115889, 345 bp
atggctattgttgatgtggttgttattccagttggaacggaaggtccgagtgttagtaaatatattgcag
atattcagaaaaaacttcaagaatataaagcgatgggtaaaattgactttcaattaacaccaatgaatac
tctaattgaaggtgaattaagcgatgtattagaagttgtgcaagtgatacatgaattaccttttgataaa
ggtttaagtagagtttgtacaaatatccgtattgatgaccgacgagacaaatctagaaaaatgaatgata
aactaacatcagtacaaaaacatttagaaaatagtggtgaaaacctatgaggatttcaagcttaa
>Potential gene 120:115871..116494, 624 bp
atgaggatttcaagcttaactttaggcttagttgatactaatacgtatttcatcgaaaatgacaaagctg
ttattctgattgacccttcaggtgaaagtgaaaaaattattaaaaaattaaaccaaataaataaaccgtt
aaaagctattttattaacacatgcacactttgatcatatcggagcagtcgatgatatagttgatcgattc
gatgtcccggtttatatgcatgaagcagagtttgattttctaaaagatcccgttaaaaatggggcagata
aatttaagcaatatggattaccaattattacaagtaaggtaactcctgaaaagttaaacgaaggtagcac
agaaatagaaggatttaagtttaatgtgttacacacacctggacattcaccaggaagtttaacatatgtg
ttcgatgaattcgcagttgttggagatacattatttaataatggaattggacgtacagatttatataaag
gtgattatgaaactctagttgattctattctagataaaatatttgaattagaaggcgatttacctttatt
ccctggacatggtccatatacgacggttgatgatgaacaattaaatccatttttacatggttaa
>Potential gene 121:116588..117520, 933 bp
atgaaagcgagtgatgtacattttattccagttaaaaatgaagtaagtattaaatttagaattaatgata
acttggagcagtatgaacaaattgggaatggcatttatcaaaagttattagtttatatgaagtttcaagc
tgggcttgatgtttctacacagcaagtcgcacagagcggtcgatatagttaccatttcaataaaatttat
tttttgagaatatcaacattaccattgtcacttggccaagaaagttgtgttatcagaattgtacctcaat
tttttcaacaacagaaatcaacttataaattcaatgattttaaacacctcatgaacaagaaacaaggatt
actattgtttagtggaccaactggttcaggaaagagtacattaatgtatcaaatggtctcatacgcgaat
aaagccttgaatttaaatgtaatttctatagaggatcctgtagagatgcaaattcctggtattgttcaaa
ttaatgtgaatgataaagctggcattaactatgtaaattcgtttaaagctattttaagatgtgatcccga
tgttattttaataggtgaaatcagagataaagatgttgccaagtgtgttatacaggctagtttaagtggt
caccttgttctgactacattgcatgcaactgattgtaaaggtgctattttaaggctattagaaatgggtg
tttctgtacaagaattgatacaggcaactaacttaattataaaccaacgacttgtaactactattaagca
acagcgacaattagtatgtgaaattctatctcagcaacaactccgatatttcttttcccataatcattca
ttaccatcatcatttaagaacttagaagataaacttgatgatatgacaaaagcaggtgtcatttgtgaaa
ctacaatggataaatacatttaa
>Potential gene 122:117465..118562, 1098 bp
atgatatgacaaaagcaggtgtcatttgtgaaactacaatggataaatacatttaaactacattctaaga
agcgacaattaagtaaggcccaacaaatcgatttacttttaaatttatgtaatttgttgaaatatggttt
cactctgtatcaaagttttcaatttttaaatcttcaaatgacatataaaaataagcaattaggcaccacc
attctaagtgaaatttcaaatggtgcaccatgcaaccagatattatcactgataggttatagcgatacta
tcgtcatgcaagtatatttggcagaaagatttggcaatatcatagacgttctagaagaaaccgtaaatta
tatgaaagtgaatagaaagtcagaacaacgattgttaaagacactgcaataccccttaatactagtttcg
atttttattgctatgattattatattaaacctcacagtaattccacagtttcaacaattatatacttcta
tgaatattcaactatcttcttttcaaaaaacattgtcttttttcattaccagcttacctactataattgt
agtaatgctcataatagtatctatgttggctattattatgaaattaatttataacaaattaaatatgctc
aataagataaactttgtgatgaaactaccgctaatatcgggctatttccaattatttaaaacttattttg
taactaatgaattagtgttattttataaaaatggtattacacttcaatcaatagtagacgtttatattaa
ccatagtagtgatccatttagacagtttctaggtaaatacttattaacttattcagaaatgggatatggt
ttacctcaaattttagaaaaactaaaatgctttaagcctcaattaattaagtttgtgctacaaggtgaaa
agagaggaaagctagaagtagaactaaagttatattcgcaaatattagtaaaacaaatagaagataaagc
gataaaacagactcagtttttacagcctattttatttttgattttaggtttatttattgtcgcaatttat
ttggtaattatgttaccaatgtttcaaatgatgcaaagtataaaataa
>Potential gene 123:118576..118887, 312 bp
atgtttaaatttcttaagaaaactcaagcgtttacattgatagagatgctattagtgttattaatcatca
gtttattattaattttaatcattccaaatattgctaaacaaactgctcacatacaatcaacaggttgtaa
tgcacaggtaaaaatggttaatagtcaaattgaagcgtatgcattgaaacataatagaaatccatcgtct
attgaagacttaattgcagatggttttataaaagaagcacaaaagacatgtaaatcaggagagacaatca
caattagtaatggagaagcagttgcaaattag
>Potential gene 124:118865..119311, 447 bp
atggagaagcagttgcaaattagaaagcagtcagcatttactatgattgagatacttgtggtaatgatgt
taatcagtatatttttacttttgacaatgacatctaaaggattaagcaatcttagagtaatagatgacga
ggcaaatatcatttctcttattactgaattgaattatattaaatcgcaagctatagcaaatcaaggatat
atcaatgttagattttatgaaaacagtgacactattaaagtaatagagaataataaaatacgatttctaa
aattaaaagtaggcaaaataattaatgttgcaaaagttgatattattgcctttgataaaaaagggaatat
caataaatttggtagcataacaattgacaataacaattcaatttatagaataatattccatattgaaaaa
ggaagaattcgttatgaaaagctataa
>Potential gene 125:119298..119597, 300 bp
atgaaaagctataagtgtaaaggatcattcttaatagatagtatggctggatttttgctaattggattga
ttacattactattgataccaatgatgaatcaaatgcaagcgagtataaaccataaactacaaacaattga
tgcttctaaagtaattttgacgactgtatctaaaattaataaagaagaacttaagaagggggtaactata
gggaaatatgatattaagcaaagtgaccaacaaatttgtgctatttcaaaaaataccacttcttatcaaa
agacatgtatacagtattaa
>Potential gene 126:119515..120012, 498 bp
atgatattaagcaaagtgaccaacaaatttgtgctatttcaaaaaataccacttcttatcaaaagacatg
tatacagtattaatgtcaaagctttttcgcttattgaaatgttagtagcgatgatggttataagtataac
tttactaattgttccagacttaattagacttagcaaaacttttctaattgaaagtagggaattaacaact
gtagatttcgaatttttctcaagagatattctagaggattttagaggtgtagatagaaacgatattgaaa
ttaggcaacagcgtatcattttacataaaggtgaagaaatgatcgaatacaaattaataaataataaaat
tattaaagttgtaaatgacagaggaaatataacaatgattaataatgttacagcatttactgcaaatatc
tactataaatctattattaaaataacgataacagttaaagtcggtacaaatgtgcagactaaaactattt
atgtataa
>Potential gene 127:120112..120258, 147 bp
atgctaacagcaatttatttttccattttcactttttatatcagtcaatatagtttaaaattaaagacat
tatataatattgaaactgactataactataagattgttttgttattgaaagaagggaaaacgcatgaatc
atgataa
>Potential gene 128:120245..120769, 525 bp
atgaatcatgataaatcaccaataattttaattggtttcatgggtaccggtaaatctacgattggtaaat
acgttgcagatgagcaaaatttatcatttattgatatagattcatatatcgaagaaaagtataagttaac
aataccagaaatatttagtaaacatggtgaacaatatttcaggaatttagagttcacatgtttgcaagaa
tgtattaacactgcagatataattgctactggtggtggtattattgaaagtgaagaggcatttaattttt
tgaaaaatcaaaaaaacattatttggttagattgtaatattgatattatatatagtcgaatcaatgatga
cccacatcgacctaatgcaaataataagacaatcatgcagttaaatgacttgtattgctcgcggatttta
agatataatgaaatcgcattcaagaaatttgatagtcatttgctatcaatttcagaaatatattatgaat
tgctaaatttaataaaagcgagtgatcagtattag
>Potential gene 129:120928..122019, 1092 bp
atgtcaagtgatttaaaacaaacacctttatatcaaaattatgttgatagaggtgcaaaaattgtggaat
tcggaggatgggcgatgcctgttcaattttctagtattaaagaggaacataatgctgttcgatacgaaat
aggcctgtttgatgttagtcatatgggtgaaattgaagtaacaggtaaagatgctagtcagtttgtgcaa
tatttattatcaaatgatactgataatttaactacttcaaaagcattatatactgctttatgtaatgaag
aaggcggtattattgatgatttagtaatatatcaattagctgacgacaattatttattagttgttaatgc
tgctaatactgaaaaagattttaattggattttaaaacacaaagagaaatttgatgttgaagtacaaaat
gtatcaaaccaatatggtcaattagcaatacaaggaccaaaagctagagatttaattaatcaattagttg
atgaagatgtaactgaaatgaaaatgtttgaatttaaacagggtgtcaaattatttggagcaaacgtcat
tttatctcagtcaggttacacaggtgaagatgggtttgaaatttattgtaatatcgatgatactgaaaaa
atttgggatggtttattagagtataatgttatgccatgtggattaggcgctcgtgatacattaagattag
aggctggattgccattacatggtcaagatttaactgaatcaattacaccatatgaaggtggtatcgcttt
tgcaagtaaaccattaattgatgctgattttattggtaaatctgtattaaaagatcaaaaagaaaatggt
gcaccaagaagaacagtgggattagaattacttgaaaaaggaattgcaagaactggttatgaagttatgg
atttagatggaaatattattggagaagtaacttcaggaacacagtctccatcatcaggaaaatcaattgc
acttgcaatgataaaaagagatgagtttgaaatgggtaaagagttgcttgttcaagttcgtaagcgtcaa
ttaaaagcgaaaattgttaagaaaaatcaaattgataaataa
>Potential gene 130:122084..123385, 1302 bp
atgttacaaacaattggtgcaaaatctataggagaattattcggtgatgtaccaagtgacattttattaa
atagagatttaaatattgctgaaggcgaagcggaaacaacgttacttagaagattaaatcgcattgcaag
caagaatatcactaaagaaacgcatacatcatttttgggtgctggtgtttatgatcattacgcgccatca
gttgtggatgctatgatttcaagatcagaattttacacagcatatacgccatatcaaccggaaatttctc
aaggtgaattacaagccatttttgagttccaaactttaatttgtgaattaacagatatggatgtagcaaa
ttcttctatgtatgatgggatgactagctttgctgaagcatgtattttagcatttagtcaaacaaagaaa
aataaaattgtagtctcaaaaggtttacattatcaagcattacaagtacttcatacttatgctaagacac
gcaaggaattcgaagtagtggaaatcgatttagatggcactgttacagatttaaaaaaattagaagcagc
agtggatgatgaaacagcagctgttgcagtacaatatccaaacttctacggttcaattgaagatcttgaa
aagattcatagctttattgaagataaaaaagcattatttatcgtatatgcaaatccattagcattgggat
tacttacacctccaggttcatttggtgcagatattgttgtaggtgatactcagccattcggaattcctgc
tcaattcggtgggccacattgtgggtattttgcaacgacgaaaaagttaatgcgtaaagtgccaggtaga
ttagtcggtcaaacacaagatgatgaaggtaatcgtggctttgtattaacactacaagcacgtgaacaac
atattcgacgcgataaagcgacatctaatatttgttctaaccaagcattaaatgctctagcgtcatcaat
tgcaatgtcagcacttggtagacaaggtatctatgatattgcagttcaaaatatagaacatgctaactat
gctaaacaacaatttattaaaaaaggttttgaagtattagatggtacatctttcaatgagtttgtagtca
aatttgacaaaccaattcaacaagttaacgaggaattagtgaagtacaatattatcggtggttttgattt
aggtgttgtttcagacgactttaaaaatcatatgttaatagctgtaactgaattaagaacaaaagatgaa
atcgatacatttgtagaaaaggctggtgagttaaatgactag
>Potential gene 131:123378..124850, 1473 bp
atgactagtaaatcaagtccattaatttttgaaagatctcgtgaaggcagatatgcatattcattaccaa
aaagtgatattaaaacaaattctgttgagtcattgttagatgataaatttattcgtaaaaacaaagcgga
gtttccagaagttgctgaactagacttagtacgtcattatactgaactttcaaataaaaatttcggtgta
gataacggattttatccattgggttcatgtacgatgaagtataaccctaaaattaatgaaaaggttgcta
gaataccaggattcagtgaatcacatccattacaagatgaagaccaagtacaaggttcattagaaattat
ttatagtttgcaagaagaattaaaagaaattactggtatggatgaggtaacattacaaccagctgctggt
gcacatggtgaatggactgcattgatgatatttaaagcttatcatgagaataatggtgaaggtcatcgtg
atgaagtcattgtgccagattctgcgcatggtacgaatccagcctcagcttcatttgcaggatttaaatc
agttactgtaaaatcaaacgaacgtggcgaagttgatattgatgacttgaaacgtgttgtaaatgaaaat
acagcagctattatgttaactaatccaaacactttaggtattttcgaaaaaaatattatggaaatccgtg
aaatcgtccataatgctggtggtctattatattatgatggtgcgaatttaaacgctattatggacaaagt
tcgcccaggagatatgggatttgatgctgttcatttaaacttgcataaaacatttactggtccacatggt
ggtggcggtcctggttcaggtccagtcggtgtagtaaaagaactagcaagttacttaccaaagccaatgg
ttattaaagatggcaacaaatttaaatatgataatgacattaaaaattctatcggacgtgtaaaaccatt
ttatggtaactttggtatttacttaagagcttatacgtatattagaactatgggagcaactggacttaaa
gaggtttctgaagcagcggttcttaatgcgaattatattaaagcacgtttatctgaacactttgaaatac
cttataaacaatattgtaaacacgagtttgtgttaagtggtgtgcgtcaaaaagaatttggtgtacgtac
tttagacatggctaagcgattattagatttcggtgtacatccaccaacaatctacttcccattaaatgtt
gaagaaggtatgatgattgaaccgactgagacagagtctaaagaaacacttgattattttatcgatacat
taattagtattgctgaagaagctaaaaatgatcctgataaagtgttagaagcaccacatacaactgtgat
tgatcgattagacgaagctacagctgctcgtaaaccaatattaaaatttgaaaatcttaaacaggaaaaa
taa
>Potential gene 132:125215..125601, 387 bp
atgagtgctagtttgtacatcgcaataattttagttatagcaattattgcttatatgattgttcaacaaa
ttcttaacaagcgagctgttaaagaattagatcaaaatgaattccataatgggattagaaaagctcaagt
catcgatgttagagagaaagttgactatgactacggtcacattaatgggtctcgcaatattcctatgaca
atgttcaggcaacgattccaaggattaagaaaagaccaaccggtatacttatgtgatgccaatgggattg
ctagctatagagccgctcgtattttgaaaaagaatggatatacagatatctatatgttaaaaggcggcta
taaaaaatggactggaaaaataaagtctaaaaaatag
>Potential gene 133:125759..126589, 831 bp
atgactgaaacttggaattttattaatacaggaagtaaagacccatattataatatggcaatggatgaag
cgttattaaattttgtctctagaggtgaaattgatccagttatacgtttttacacatggaatcctgcaac
attatcaatagggtatttccaaaggttacaaaaggaaattgatatagataaggttaaagagaaaggtttt
ggtctcgtaaggcgtcaaactggtggccgtggggtgctacatgataaagagttaacttacagtgtgattg
tgcctgaatcgcatccgaatatgccttctacagttacagaagcgtacagagtgatttcacaaggattatt
agaaggatttaaaaacttaggatttgatacttattttgcggtacctaaaacgcctgaagagcgtcaaaaa
ttaaaacaacctcgaagttcagtgtgttttgatgcaccaagttggtatgagctagttgttgaaggccgta
agattgctgggagtgctcaaacgagacaaaagggcgtaatcctccaacacggttcgattttacaagatat
tgatattgatgaactgtttgatatgtttatttataaaaatgaaagattaaaattaaaaatgaaagaggca
ttcgttgaaaaagcagttgccatcaatgatatttcagataaacacattactattagtcaaatggaagaag
ctttcgagaaaggttttaagaaaggtttaaatatagaattaaagccacttgaattaacagaagctcaatt
ggcagaagtggaagaattaactgaaaaatatcgttcagatgaatggatgtttagaaagtag
>Potential gene 134:126653..126898, 246 bp
atgcaaaatcatgataggagtctgttaatgcgtaatataatattttatcttgtacttattattgctgcga
ttggattagtaatgaatctagatgcctttattttttcaatcgtcagaatgttagtcagctttgctgtaat
agctggtattatttatcttatatattatttcttcattttaactgaagatcaacgtaaataccgtaaagca
atgcgtaagtataaaagaaatcaaagaagaaaatag
>Potential gene 135:126882..127466, 585 bp
atgaaaaaattggtttcaattgttggcgcaacattattgttagctggatgtggatcacaaaatttagcac
cattagaagaaaaaacaacagatttaagagaagataatcatcaactcaaactagatattcaagaacttaa
tcaacaaattagtgattctaaatctaaaattaaagggcttgaaaaggataaagaaaacagtaaaaaaact
gcatctaataatacgaaaattaaattgatgaatgttacatcaacatactacgacaaagttgctaaagctt
tgaaatcctataacgatattgagaaagatgtaagtaaaaacaaaggcgataagaatgttcaatcgaaatt
aaatcaaatttctaatgatattcaaagtgctcacacttcatacaaagatgctatcgatggtttatcactt
agtgatgatgataaaaaaacgtctaaaaatatcgataaattaaactctgatttgaatcatgcatttgatg
atattaaaaatggctatcaaaataaagataaaaaacaacttacaaaaggacaacaagcgttgtcaaaatt
aaacttaaatgcaaaatcatgatag
>Potential gene 136:127571..128632, 1062 bp
atgagcagaataacacaagtacatcgtattttagaacaaaaacatttagatgcaataatcatactttcag
attacaatagaagatatttgtcaggatttactgggactagcggtgcgctaatcatatctaaagataaaca
atatttgataacagactttagatatattgatcaagcaactaagcaggcgccaaattatgaaattattaat
cgtaaatctactattattggtgagattaaagaattgctacaccaagaaaattttgaaaatgtaggttttg
aggggcaccatgtaagttatgatacataccttgaattaaataaaagccgtatatcattaataagcatttc
taatactgtagataaaattagagacgtcaaagatgctgacgaaattgctttaattcaaaaagcagctaat
attgttgatgaaacatatgaatatattttaactgttgtaaaagcaggtatgactgaaaaagaattaaagg
caatattagaaagtaaaatgctagaattaggagcagatggaccatcattcgatacgattgtagcatctgg
tcatagaggtgcattaccacatggtgttgcaagtgataaaattattgaaaaaggcgacatgattacatta
gattttggcgcgtattataacggctattgttcagatattactagaacatttgctattggagaaccagatc
ctaaactgaaagaaatatatcaaatagtacttgaatctcaaatgaaagcaattaatgagattagacctgg
catgactggtgcagaagctgatgccatttcaagaaactatttagagtcaaaagggtatggaaaagaattt
ggacattcactaggacatggtattggtttagaaatccatgaagggccaatgctggctcgtacgatacaag
ataaacttcaagttaacaactgtgttacagtagaacctggtgtttatatagaaggtttgggcggtataag
aatagaagatgatattttaattacagaaaatggttgtcaagtctttactaaatgcacaaaagaccttata
gttttaacataa
>Potential gene 137:128658..129215, 558 bp
atgatttcggttaatgattttaaaacaggtttaacaatttctgttgataacgctatttggaaagttatag
acttccaacatgtaaagcctggtaaaggttcagcattcgttcgttcaaaattacgtaatttaagaactgg
tgcaattcaagagaaaacgtttagagctggtgaaaaagttgaaccagcaatgattgaaaatcgtcgcatg
caatatttatatgctgacggagataatcatgtatttatggataatgaaagctttgaacaaacagaacttt
caagtgattacttaaaagaagaattgaattacttaaaagaaggtatggaagtacaaattcaaacatacga
aggtgaaactatcggtgttgaattacctaaaactgttgaattaacagtaactgaaacagaacctggtatt
aaaggtgatactgcaactggtgctactaaatcggcaactgttgaaacaggttatacattaaatgtacctt
tatttgtaaacgaaggtgacgttttaattatcaacactggtgatggaagctacatttcaagaggataa
>Potential gene 138:129689..130153, 465 bp
atgaactttaaagaaatcaaagaattaattgaaattctggataaatcaactttaacggaaatcaatattg
aagatactaaaggcaaagtgacgcttaagaaagaaaaagaaactgagattatcacgccacaaatttcaca
aatgccagttgaagctgcggcaatgcctatgcctcaagtacaatcaactgatagcaataaaactgaagct
ccaaagccaacttcagataatcacaaaacaattaatgcacctatggtaggtacattttacaaatcgcctt
ctccagacgaagaagcatatgtgcaagttggggacactgtttcaaatgaaacaacagtgtgtattttaga
ggcaatgaaactatttaatgaaattcaagcagaaatttcaggtgaaattgttgaaatcttagtagaagac
ggacaaatggtagagtatggccaaccgttatttaaggtgaaataa
>Potential gene 139:130153..131508, 1356 bp
atgaaaaaggttttaattgcaaaccgcggtgaaatcgcagttaggattattcgcgcttgtcgtgatttag
gcatccaaactgttgcaatctattctgaaggggataaagatgcgctacatactcaaattgctgatgaagc
atattgcgtaggtcccactttgtctaaagattcatatttaaatattccgaacatcttatctattgcaact
tctacaggttgtgatggcgttcatccgggttatggctttttagctgaaaatgctgactttgcagaattat
gcgaagcatgccaattgaagttcattggaccaagttatcaatctatccaaaaaatgggtatcaaagatgt
tgctaaggcagaaatgatcaaagccaatgttccagttgttcctggtagtgacggtttaatgaaagacgtc
tcagaagctaagaaaatcgcccaaaaaattggctatccggtcatcattaaagctactgctggcggtggcg
gaaaaggtatccgtgttgctcgtgatgaaaaagaacttgaaactggcttccgaatgacagaacaagaagc
tcaaactgcatttggtaatggtggactttatatggagaaattcatcgaaaacttccgccatattgaaatc
caaattgttggggacagctatggtaatgtaattcatttaggagaacgtgattgtacaattcaaagacgta
tgcagaaattagtggaagaagcaccttccccaattttagatgatgaaacacgtcgtgaaatgggaaatgc
cgcagtgcgtgcagcgaaagctgtaaattatgaaaatgcgggaacaattgagtttatatatgatttaaat
gataataaattttattttatggaaatgaatacacgtattcaagtagaacatcctgtaactgaaatggtaa
caggaattgatttagttaaattacaattacaagttgctatgggtgaagtgttaccatataaacaagaaga
tattaaattaacaggacacgcaattgaatttagaattaatgctgaaaatccttacaagaactttatgcca
tcgccaggtaaaattgagcaatatcttgcaccaggtggatatggtgttcgaatagagtcagcatgttata
ctaattatacgataccgccatattatgattcgatggtagcgaaattaatcatacatgaaccgacacgaga
tgaagcgattatggctggcattcgtgcattaagtgaatttgtggttcttggtattgatacaactattcca
ttccatattaaattattgaataacgatatatttagaagcggtaaatttaatacaaactttttagagcaaa
atagcattatgaatgatgaaggttaa
>Potential gene 140:131523..131885, 363 bp
atggtcaaagtaactgattattcaaattcaaaattaggtaaagtagaaatagcgccagaagtgctatctg
ttattgcaagtatagctacttcggaagtcgaaggcatcactggccattttgctgaattaaaagaaacaaa
tttagaaaaagttagtcgtaaaaatttaagccgtgatttaaaaatcgagagtaaagaagatggcatatat
atagatgtatattgtgcattaaaacatggtgttaatatttcaaaaactgcaaacaaaattcaaacgtcaa
tttttaattcaatttctaatatgacagcgatagaacctaagcaaattaatattcacattacacaaatcgt
tattgaaaagtaa
>Potential gene 141:131945..132334, 390 bp
atgagtcgtaaagaatcccgagtgcaagcttttcaaactttatttcaattagaaatgaaggacagtgatt
taacgataaatgaagcgataagctttattaaagacgataatccagatttagacttcgaatttattcattg
gctagtttctggcgttaaagatcacgaacctgtattagacgagacaattagtccttatttaaaagattgg
actattgcacgtttattaaaaacggatcgtattattttaagaatggcaacatatgaaatattacacagtg
atacacctgctaaagttgtaatgaatgaagcagttgaattaacaaaacaattcagtgatgatgatcatta
taaatttataaatggtgtattgagtaatataaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 142:132351..133688, 1338 bp
atgtcagattatttaagtgtttcagctttaacgaaatatattaaatataaatttgatcaagatccacatc
tccaatctgtattgattaaaggtgagctttcaaatttcaaaaagcattcaagtggtcatttatactttaa
tgtgaaagataaagaaagcgttataagtgccatgatgttcaaaggtagtgcttctaaattaaacttcgaa
cctaaagaaggagatgaagtcttattagaagcacgtgtttctgtttttgaacgtcgtggaaactatcaaa
tttatgtaaataaaatgcaattagatggtatagggaacttatatcaaaaattagaagcattaaagaaaaa
attaactgaagaaggttgttttgataaagcgaataagaaatcaatacctaagtttccaaaaaaaattgca
gttttaacagcgagtacaggtgccgcaattcgagatatccattcaacgataaatagtcgtttcccattag
ctgaacaaatacaaattagtactttggttcaaggtgaaaaagcaaaggacgacattattgaaaaaattga
atatgcagatagtttaggtgtagataccattattgtaggtcgaggcggtggatccatagaagatttatgg
aattttaacgaagaagctgtcgtccgtgcaatatataattgtaagacaccgattatatcagcagtaggtc
atgaaacagactttacattaagtgattttgctgcagacatcagagctgcgactccaactcaagctgctgt
tattgcaacaccagaccaatatgaattgctgcaacaaatacagcaatatcagtttacattgactcgtttc
atcaagaaacatttagaacaacaacgtaaacatgttgaacatttgtcatcgtattacaagtttaaacaac
caactttattgtatgatcaacagatacaacgtcgagatgatttagaaaagagactgaaacaacaaattca
ggcaacttttgaacaacagagacatcgattaatgctgttgcaacaacgctataatttaaaagcgttacta
agtagtgttaatcaagaacaacaaaataatcttcaattgacaaaccaacttgttaaattattgaattcta
agatattaagttataaaaatgatttgaaaaataaagtagaaaacttaaacaatttaagtccaactaatac
aatgttgcgtggatatgcaattgttaataaaaaagacgaagtcattacgagtactaaagatttaacagaa
aatgatcaattgacgttaacaatgaaagatggcttagtagatgcaaaagttacgaaagtaaggtgtaata
atgactaa
>Potential gene 143:133889..134770, 882 bp
atgacgaatctaccgatgaataaattaatagatgaagtcaataatgaattatcggttgcgataaataaat
cagtaatggatactcagctagaagaaagtatgttgtattcattaaatgctggaggtaaacgcatccgacc
agttctgttattactcactttagattcactaaataccgagtatgagttaggtatgaagagcgcaattgca
ctagaaatgattcatacatattcacttattcatgatgacctaccagcgatggataatgatgattatcgac
gagggaaattaacaaatcataaagtatatggtgagtggactgcgatattagcaggtgatgctttattaac
taaagcatttgaacttatttcaagtgatgatagattaactgatgaagtaaaaataaaagttctacaacgg
ctgtcaatagcaagtggtcatgttggaatggtcggtggacaaatgttagatatgcaaagcgaaggccaac
caattgatcttgaaactttggaaatgatacacaaaacaaaaacaggtgcactattaacttttgcggttat
gagtgcagcagatatcgctaatgtcgatgatgcaactaaagaacatttagaaagttatagttatcattta
ggtatgatgtttcagattaaagatgatttattagactgctatggtgatgaagcgaagttaggtaaaaaag
tgggcagcgatcttgaaaataataaaagtacgtacgtgagtttattaggaaaagatggcgcagaagataa
attgacttatcatagagacgcagcagtgtatgaactaacgcaaattgatgaacaattcaatacaaaacac
ttattagaaatcgttgatttattttatagcagggatcactaa
>Potential gene 144:135669..137348, 1680 bp
atgttacaaaccttatcaatcaagcaatttgctattattgaagagttagaaattcaattttctgatggtt
taactgttttaagtggtgaaacgggttcaggtaagtcaattattatagatgcaattggacaattaattgg
aatgagagcttcatctgattttgtaagacatggtgaaaaaaaggctgtcatcgaaggtatatttgatatt
gacgagagtaaagatgctatacatatattgaaaaatatggatattgatgtagatgaagattttttattag
ttaaacgggaaatttttagctctggtaaaagtctttgtaaaattaataatcaaacagttactttacaaga
tttacgaaaagttatgcaagaattattagatattcatggccaacatgaaacgcagtctttgttgaaacaa
aaataccatttaacattattggataattacgcagaatcacgttatcaagatttgttggataaatatcacc
aaacttttcaaaattataaagccaaaaagcaagagttagaagatttagaatcagcagaccaagcattgct
gcagcgtttagatttaatgaaatttcaattagaagaattgtctgaagcacacctaaaagaaggtgaaata
gagcaacttgaaattgatattaaacgcattcaaaactctgaaaaattaagcttagcacttaataacgcac
atatgacattaacggatgaaaatgctatcactgatcgtttgtatgaactaagcaaccatttgttaacaat
aaacgatatagttccaaacaaatatgacaaattaaaagaagatattgatcaattttattacattttagaa
gatgcaaaacatgagttatatgatgaaatggctaatacagaattcgacgaacaagtgttaaacgagtatg
aatctcgtatgaatttgctgaataatttaaaacgcaaatatggaaaagatatttcagaattaatctcata
tcaagaaaaacttaataatgaaatcaataaaattgaaaactatgaacaaagtacatcgcagttacgagaa
gaaataaatgcattgtataatcaagttatagaggttggacaagcgctatcaaagcagcgtcgtatagtcg
ctagggagttaagagaccacattgtatcggaaattcaaaacttacaaatgaaagatgcaaatcttgagat
ttcatttaaaaaattagaagaaccgaatattgatggaatcgaatttgtagaatttttaatcagtcctaat
aaaggggaaccattaaaaagtttaaataaaattgcgtcaggtggagaactttctagaattatgttagcgt
taaaaagtatttttgttaaatcgagaggtcaaactgcaattttattcgatgaggttgactcaggtgtatc
tggacaagctgcacaaaaaatggcagagaaaatgcgagatatagcagaatatatacaagttatttgtatt
tctcacttgccacaagttgcatcgatgagcgaccatcatttattaatttcgaaatcatcaaaagatgatc
gtacaacaacacaagttcaagagttaattggcgatgataaagtagatgaaattgcacgaatgatttcagg
tgcaagtgttactgatttaactcgagaaaatgcaagagaaatgatacaacacaatcaaagacgtagataa

>Potential gene 145:137499..138920, 1422 bp
atgtcagagaaacaatatgatttagtcgttctcggtggaggtactgcaggatatgttgctgcgatacgtg
cgtctcaattaggtaagaaagtggcaatagtagaacgacaactattaggaggtacttgtctccataaagg
ttgtattcctactaaatcactgcttaagtcagcagaagtatttcaaacagtaaaacaggcagcaatgttt
ggcgttgatgtcaaagatgctaatgttaattttgaaaatatgttggcacgaaaagaagacattattaatc
aaatgtatcaaggtgtaaagcatttaatgcaacacaatcacattgacatttataatggcacgggacgtat
tctaggtacatctatattttcacctcaaagtggcacaatttctgtcgaatatgaagatggtgaatcagac
ttattacccaaccaatttgtattaattgcaactggttcttcgcctgcagagttgccatttttatcatttg
atcatgataaaattttatctagcgatgatatattatcattaaagacgttaccatcaagtattggtattat
tggtggtggtgttatcggaatggaatttgcatcattgatgatagatttaggtgttgacgtaacagttata
gaagcaggtgaaagaattttaccaactgaaagtaaacaagcttcacaactattaaaaaaatcattatcag
cacgtggtgttaaattctatgagggaataaaactttctgaaaatgatataaatgttaacgaagatggtgt
tacatttgaaatttcctcagacataattaaagtagataaagtgttgctatcgattggtagaaaacctaac
acatcagatattggtttaaacaacactaaaataaaactttcaatatcaggacatattttaacgaacgaat
ttcaacaaactgaagataaacatatttatgcagctggtgattgtattggaaaattacaattggcacatgt
tggatcaaaagaaggtgttgtggccgtcgatcatatgtttgaagggaacccaatcccagtaaactataac
atgatgcctaagtgtatttattcacaacctgaaattgcttctatcggtttaaacattgagcaagcaaagg
cagagggaatgaaagttaaaagttttaaagtaccatttaaagcaattggtaaagcagtgattgatagcca
tgatgcaaacgaagggtatagcgaaatggtgattgatcaatcaactgaagaaattgtgggtattaatatg
attggtccacatgtaacagaattgattaatgaggcatcactgttacagttcatgaatggctcggcattag
aattaggactaacaacacacgcacatccttccatctctgaagtgttgatggaattaggattgaaagcaga
aagtagagctattcacgtataa
