
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:18..296, 279 bp
atgattatgccgaatatgattatctttttagatgcagaccttgatgtgttaaaatctagaattgctaaac
gtaaccgtagttttgagcatcaaatagaagatgaatatctgttaaagttaaaaaaagattatcgtgagta
ttatgagtccttacaaagtaatggttcaaatgtagttttaatcgatacaacttctattgattttcttaaa
aatgaacaagattacgaagatatattacatattatattacctatgataggagatattaccaatgaataa
>Potential gene 2:289..951, 663 bp
atgaataattacggtattccacaaaatgccattataaccattgcaggtacagttggtgttggaaaatcaa
cactaacgcaagcacttgcagataaattaaactttaaaacgtcttttgaaaatgtcgaacataatccata
tttagataaattttacagcgattttgaacgatggagtttccatttgcaaatttacttcttagctgaacgt
tttaaagaacaaaagcgtatgtttgaatatggtggtggctttgtccaagatcgatcaatttatgaagatg
ttgatatttttgcaaaaatgcatgaagaagaaggcacaatgagtaaagaagatttcaaaacatattcaga
cttatttaatgccatggtcatgacaccttattttcctaaacctgatgtaatgatttatttagaatgtaac
tatgatgaggtcattgatcgtattattgaacgtggtcgcgaaatggaaattaatacagaccctgaatact
ggaaaaagctatttaaacgctatgacgattggattaatagctttaatgcatgtccagttgtacgtatcaa
tattaatgaatatgatatccataaggaccccgaatctttaaatcctatgatagacaaaattgctcgaatt
attcaaacatatcgacaagtagatacacgataa
>Potential gene 3:1067..1750, 684 bp
atggaatggatattatttgataaagatggtacgttaattgaatttgatagaagttgggaaaaaatagggg
tacgatttgtacaatcattgcttgagactttcccagtacataataaagaagctgctttaagacaactcgg
tgtcattaaagaatctattgatccaaaatcagtgatgggttcaggatctttacaacaaattatccaggca
tttaatgatgtgacgggacaagatacaaccgactggtccaagtcaacaagtcaaaagctggtagatgaac
gtattcctgaaattaattgggtagaaggtgttaaagaagcacttatcgatttgaaagcaaaaggctatca
acttggtattgttacgagtgatactaaaaaaggtgtagaacaatttttagcacataccaatgctatctcg
ttgttcgatttgatcatttctaccgaagcggatgcctatgagaagccaaatcctaaagtattatcgcctt
tatttgagcaatataatgtagatcctcagaaagtagctatagtaggagacactgctaatgatatgaagac
agcaagtaatgcaaatttaggtatggcaataggtgtattaacaggtattgcaacaaaagaagaattacat
gaagctgatattattttaaatagtgcggcagatattttagaagctttaaattaa
>Potential gene 4:2000..3076, 1077 bp
atgtcacaagcagttaaagttgaacgacgagaaacattaaaacaaaaaccaaatacatctcaactaggtt
ttggtaaatattttactgattatatgttgagttatgattatgatgcagaaaaaggatggcatgatttgaa
gatagtaccttatggtcctattgaaatttcacctgctgcacaaggtgttcattatggtcaatcggtattc
gaaggattaaaagcatataaaaaagatggggaagttgcacttttccgtcctgaagaaaattttaagcgtc
ttaataactcgttagcacgattagaaatgcctcaagtagacgaagcagaattgttagaggggctaaaaca
attagttgatatagaaagagattggattcctgaaggggaaggtcaatcattatatattcgtccatttgtt
tttgcaacagaaggggcacttggcgttggtgcatcacatcagtataaattattaattattttatctcctt
caggtgcatattatggtggtgagactttaaaaccaactaaaatctatgtagaagatgaatatgtacgtgc
tgttcgtggcggtgtaggctttgcaaaagttgcaggtaactatgcggcaagtttattagcacaaactaat
gcaaataaattaggttatgaccaagtattatggcttgatggtgttgaacagaaatatatcgaagaagttg
gtagcatgaacattttcttcgttgaaaatggcaaagtaattacaccagagttgaatggcagtattttacc
tggtattacacgtaaatctattatcgaattagctaaaaacttaggatatgaagtcgaagagcgccgcgtt
tcaatcgatgaattattcgaatcatatgataaaggtgagttaacagaagtatttggtagtggtactgcag
cagttatttcacctgtgggtacattgagatacgaagatcgtgaaatcgttattaataataatgagactgg
tgaaattactcaaaaattatacgacgtctatactggtattcaaaatggtactttagaagataaaaatggt
tggagagtcgttgtaccaaaatattaa
>Potential gene 5:3411..4376, 966 bp
atgaaaaaaattatgattactggtgcattaggacaaattggtacagaattagttgttaagtgcagagaaa
tttatgggacagataatgttcttgctacagatattagggaacctgaagcagactcacctgtacaaaatgg
accatttgaaatcttagacgtaacagatcgtgaccgtatgtttgagttagttagggactttgaagcggat
agtctaatgcatatggcagcattattatcagcaactgctgagaaaaatccaattctagcttgggatttaa
atatgggtggattaatgaatgcattagaagctgcaagaacttataatttgcactttttcacaccaagttc
aattggtgcatttggagactcaactcctaaagttaatacgccacaagtaacgattcagcaacctacgaca
atgtatggtgtaaataaagtagctggagaattattgtgtcaatactatttcaaacgttttggtgtagata
caagaagtgttagattcccaggtttaatctcgcatgttaaagagccaggtggcggtactacagactatgc
tgttgaaatatacttcaaagcagtaagagagggtcattatacaagcttcatagataaaggcacgtatatg
gatatgatgtatatggatgatgcaattgaagcaattattaaacttatggaagcagacgacgctaaattag
aaactagaaacggttataatttgagcgcaatgagttttgatccagagatggtaaaagaagcaattcaaga
atactatccaaattttacattagattacgatgttgatcctattagacaaggtatcgctaatagttggccg
gattctattgatacaagctgttcacgtggcgaatggggatttgatcctaaatatgatttagcgagcatga
ctaaattaatgttagaagctattgaacaaaaagatactgttaaaaataataactaa
>Potential gene 6:4590..6230, 1641 bp
atgatgtcttatagcattggaattgattatggaacagcttcaggccgtgtgtttttaattaatacaacta
acggtcaagtagtatcaaaatttgtgaaaccatatacacatggtgtcattgagagtgaattaaatggttt
gaaaataccatatacatatgcacttcaaaatagtaatgattatttagaaattatggaagaaggaatatca
tatatagtacgtgaatcaaaaatagatccagtcaatatagtaggtattggtatagactttacttcatcta
ctattatttttactgacgaaaaccttaacccggtacataatttaaaacaatttaaaaacaatccacatgc
gtatgtgaaactttggaaacatcatggtgcatataaagaggcagagaaattatatcaaactgctattgaa
aataataataagtggttaggccattatggatataatgttagtagtgaatggatgattcccaaaataatgg
aggtcatgaatcgagcaccagaaattatggaaaaaacggcttatattatggaagcgggcgattggattgt
aaataaattaactaataaaaatgtacgctcgaattgtggattaggtttcaaagcattttgggaagaagaa
acagggtttcattatgatttatttgataaaatagaccccaaattatcaaaagtaattcaagataaagtat
ctgcaccggttgttaatattggtgaagtagtagggaagctggacgataaaatggcacagaaattaggatt
atcaaaagagactatggtaagtccttttattattgatgcccatgctagtttattaggtattgggtctgaa
aaagataaagaaatgactatggtgatgggaacaagcacatgccatcttatgttaaatgaaaagcaacatc
aagtgccaggtatatcaggttctgtaaaaggagcaattattccagaattatttgcttatgaagcgggaca
atcagcagtaggtgatttgtttgagtatgtcgctaagcaagcaccaaagtcatatgtagatgaagcagca
aatagaaatatgactgtatttgaattaatgaatgaaaagataaaacatcaaatgccaggtgaaagcgggc
tcattgctcttgattggcataatggaaatcgaagtgtattaagtgatagcaatttaacaggttgtatctt
tggattaactttacaaactaagcatgaggatatttatagagcatatttagaagctacagcatttggtact
aagatgattatgcaacagtatcaagattggcatatggaagtagaaaaggtatttgcatgtggcggtatac
ctaaaaagaatgctgttatgatggatatctatgcgaatgtactgaataaaaaattaattgttatggatag
tgagtatgcaccagcaataggcgcagcaatattaggtgcagtcagtggtggcgcacataattcaattaat
gatgcagttgatgctatgaaagagccaattttatacgaaattaatccagaagcggaaaaagtacaaaggt
atgaaacattatttaaagcttataaggctttacatgatatccatggttataaaaaagctaatataatgaa
agatatccagagtttaagagttgagggataa
>Potential gene 7:6385..7263, 879 bp
atgtcacaagatgtaaatgaattaagtaagcaaccaacgccagataaagcagaagataacgcatttttcc
catcaccatattcccttagtcaatatacagcaactaaaacagattttgatggtgttgaacacaaaggtgc
ctataaagatggtaaatggaaagtattgatgattgctgctgaagagagatatgtattattggaaaatgga
aaaatgttctctacgggtaatcatcctgttgaaatgttattacctttacatcatttaatggaagcaggtt
ttgacgttgatgttgcgacattatctggttatccagttaaattagaattatgggctatgccaactgaaga
cgaggcagttattagtacttataataaattgaaagaaaaattaaaacagccaaaaaaattagcagatgtg
attaaaaatgaattaggacctgattcagactatttatctgtctttatcccaggcggacatgctgcagttg
ttggtatttctgaaagtgaggacgttcaacaaacattagattgggcattagacaatgaccgctttatagt
tacattatgtcatggaccagcagcactactttcagcagggctcaacagagaaaaatctccattagaagga
tattctgtttgtgtcttccctgactcattagatgaaggtgcaaatattgaaataggttatttacctggac
gcttgaaatggttagttgctgatttactaactaaacaaggattaaaagtagttaacgacgatatgacagg
cagaacgttaaaagatcgtaaattattaacaggtgacagtcctttagcttcaaatgagttaggaaaatta
gcagttaatgaaatgttaaatgcaatacaaaataaataa
>Potential gene 8:7530..8375, 846 bp
atggctgctatttcggctgtgatgaataaaaatgatgctattttatcagatgagcttaatcatgcatcaa
ttattgatggatgtcgcttatctaaagctaaaattattcgagttaaccattcagacatggatgatttacg
tgcgaaagcaaaagaagcagttgaatcaggtcaatacaataaagtgatgtatatcactgatggcgttttt
agtatggatggtgatgtggctaaattacctgaaattgtagaaattgcagaagaatttggtttattaactt
atgttgacgacgctcatggttcaggtgttatgggtaaaggcgctggtacggttaaacattttggtttaca
agataaaatcgatttccaaataggtacgctttctaaagcaattggtgtcgttggcggttatgtagcaggt
acaaaagagttaatagattggttaaaagcacaatcacgaccattcttattctctacatcattagcacctg
gggataccaaagcaataactgaagcagttaaaaagttaatggattcaactgaattacatgataaattatg
ggacaatgcacaatatttaaaaaatggattgtcaaaattaggatatgatacaggtgagtcagaaactcca
attacaccagtaattattggtgatgaaaaaacaactcaagaatttagtaagcgtttaaaagacgaaggtg
tctatgtgaaatctatcgttttcccaacagtaccaagaggtacaggacgtgtaagaaatatgcctacagc
tgcacatacaaaagacatgttagatgaagcaattgcggcttatgaaaaagtaggaaaagaaatgaagttg
atttaa
>Potential gene 9:9182..10063, 882 bp
atgcatgcgtgtgggcatgatggtcatacagcaattttacttactgtagcagagattttagatgaacata
aacatttattagaaggtaatgttgtattaatattccagtacggtgaagaaatcatgccaggtggttctca
agaaatgatagatgctggatgtctggaaaatgtagatagaatttacggtacacatttatggagtggttat
cctactggaactattcattcacgtgcgggggcaatcatggcctctccagatgaatttagtgtcacaatta
aaggtcgtggcggtcatggtgccaaacctcatgaaaccattgacccaatagtaatcatggcagagttcat
tttaagtgcacaaaaaataatttcacgtacgatcgatccagttaaacaagctgtactttcatttggaatg
attcaagcaggcaccacagatagcgttattcctgatcaagcattttgtaaaggtacagttagaactttcg
attcagatatacagaatcatgtaatggacaaaatggataagcttttacaaggtttagcaatagcaaatga
tattaactatgatttgaattatattaaagggtatttgcctgtccataataacgagaaagcatatcaagtt
attaaagaagcaacaaatgacttacatgtacgctttaatgaatcagatttaatgatgattggagaagatt
tttcacattatttgaaagtacgaccaggtgcattctttctgactggttgtggtaatgaaagtaaaggtat
tacagcgccacaccataatcccaaatttgatattgatgaaaaatcattaaaatacgctgtagctgtattt
ttaaaaatcattgaattagagcaagtatttaaaacaaattaa
>Potential gene 10:10345..11529, 1185 bp
atggcaaaagaaaaattcgatcgttctaaagaacatgccaatatcggtactatcggtcacgttgaccatg
gtaaaacaacattaacagcagcaatcgctactgtattagcaaaaaatggtgactcagttgcacaatcata
tgacatgattgacaacgctccagaagaaaaagaacgtggtatcacaatcaatacttctcacattgagtac
caaactgacaaacgtcactacgctcacgttgactgcccaggacacgctgactacgttaaaaacatgatca
ctggtgctgctcaaatggacggcggtatcttagtagtatctgctgctgacggtccaatgccacaaactcg
tgaacacattcttttatcacgtaacgttggtgtaccagcattagtagtattcttaaacaaagttgacatg
gttgacgatgaagaattattagaattagtagaaatggaagttcgtgacttattaagcgaatatgacttcc
caggtgacgatgtacctgtaatcgctggttcagcattaaaagctttagaaggcgatgctcaatacgaaga
aaaaatcttagaattaatggaagctgtagatacttacattccaactccagaacgtgattctgacaaacca
ttcatgatgccagttgaggacgtattctcaatcactggtcgtggtactgttgctacaggccgtgttgaac
gtggtcaaatcaaagttggtgaagaagttgaaatcatcggtttacatgacacatctaaaacaactgttac
aggtgttgaaatgttccgtaaattattagactacgctgaagctggtgacaacattggtgcattattacgt
ggtgttgctcgtgaagacgtacaacgtggtcaagtattagctgctcctggttcaattacaccacatactg
aattcaaagcagaagtatacgtattatcaaaagacgaaggtggacgtcacactccattcttctcaaacta
tcgtccacaattctatttccgtactactgacgtaactggtgttgttcacttaccagaaggtactgaaatg
gtaatgcctggtgataacgttgaaatgacagtagaattaatcgctccaatcgcgattgaagacggtactc
gtttctcaatccgtgaaggtggacgtactgtaggatcaggcgttgttactgaaatcattaaataa
>Potential gene 11:11746..13893, 2148 bp
atgcttagggcatcgccatatctatcgtatttattcagtaatataaactggaaggagaaaaaatacatgg
ctagagaattttcattagaaaaaactcgtaatatcggtatcatggctcacattgatgctggtaaaacgac
tacgactgaacgtattctttattacactggccgtatccacaaaattggtgaaacacacgaaggtgcttca
caaatggactggatggagcaagaacaagaccgtggtattactatcacatctgctgcaacaacagcagctt
gggaaggtcaccgtgtaaacattatcgatacacctggacacgtagacttcactgtagaagttgaacgttc
attacgtgtacttgacggagcagttacagtacttgatgcacaatcaggtgttgaacctcaaactgaaaca
gtttggcgtcaggctacaacttatggtgttccacgtatcgtatttgtaaacaaaatggacaaattaggtg
ctaacttcgaatactctgtaagtacattacatgatcgtttacaagctaacgctgctccaatccaattacc
aattggtgcggaagacgaattcgaagcaatcattgacttagttgaaatgaaatgtttcaaatatacaaat
gatttaggtactgaaattgaagaaattgaaattcctgaagaccacttagatagagctgaagaagctcgtg
ctagcttaatcgaagcagttgcagaaactagcgacgaattaatggaaaaatatcttggtgacgaagaaat
ttcagtttctgaattaaaagaagctatccgccaagctactactaacgtagaattctacccagtactttgt
ggtacagctttcaaaaacaaaggtgttcaattaatgcttgacgctgtaattgattacttaccttcaccac
tagacgttaaaccaattattggtcaccgtgctagcaaccctgaagaagaagtaatcgcgaaagcagacga
ttcagctgaattcgctgcattagcgttcaaagttatgactgacccttatgttggtaaattgacattcttc
cgtgtgtattcaggtacaatgacatctggttcatacgttaagaactctactaaaggtaaacgtgaacgtg
taggtcgtttattacaaatgcacgctaactcacgtcaagaaatcgatactgtatactctggagatatcgc
tgctgcggtaggtcttaaagatacaggtactggtgatactttatgtggtgagaaaaatgacattatcttg
gaatcaatggaattcccagagccagttattcacttatcagtagagccaaaatctaaagctgaccaagata
aaatgactcaagctttagttaaattacaagaagaagacccaacattccatgcacacactgacgaagaaac
tggacaagttatcatcggtggtatgggtgagcttcacttagacatcttagtagaccgtatgaagaaagaa
ttcaacgttgaatgtaacgtaggtgctccaatggtttcatatcgtgaaacattcaaatcatctgcacaag
ttcaaggtaaattctctcgtcaatctggtggtcgtggtcaatacggtgatgttcacattgaattcacacc
aaacgaaacaggcgcaggtttcgaattcgaaaacgctatcgttggtggtgtagttcctcgtgaatacatt
ccatcagtagaagctggtcttaaagatgctatggaaaatggtgtcttagcaggttatcctttaattgatg
ttaaagctaaattatatgatggttcataccatgatgtcgattcatctgaaatggccttcaaaattgctgc
atcattagcacttaaagaagctgctaaaaaatgtgatcctgtaatcttagaaccaatgatgaaagtaact
attgaaatgcctgaagagtacatgggtgatatcatgggtgacgtaacatctcgtcgtggacgtgttgatg
gtatggaacctcgtggtaatgcacaagttgttaatgcttatgtaccactttcagaaatgttcggttatgc
aacatcattacgttcaaacactcaaggtcgcggtacttacactatgtacttcgatcactatgctgaagtt
ccaaaatcaatcgctgaagatattatcaagaaaaataaaggtgaataa
>Potential gene 12:13950..14420, 471 bp
atgcctcgtaaaggatcagtacctaaaagagacgtattaccagatccaattcataactctaagttagtaa
ctaaattaattaacaaaattatgttagatggtaaacgtggaacagcacaaagaattctttattcagcatt
cgacctagttgaacaacgcagtggtcgtgatgcattagaagtattcgaagaagcaatcaacaacattatg
ccagtattagaagttaaagctcgtcgtgtaggtggttctaactatcaagtaccagtagaagttcgtccag
agcgtcgtactactttaggtttacgttggttagttaactatgcacgtcttcgtggtgaaaaaacgatgga
agatcgtttagctaacgaaattttagatgcagcaaataatacaggtggtgccgttaagaaacgtgaggac
actcacaaaatggctgaagcaaacaaagcatttgctcactaccgttggtaa
>Potential gene 13:14486..14899, 414 bp
atgccaactattaaccaattagtacgtaaaccaagacaaagcaaaatcaaaaaatcagattctccagctt
taaataaaggtttcaacagtaaaaagaaaaaatttactgacttaaactcaccacaaaaacgtggtgtatg
tactcgtgtaggtacaatgacacctaaaaaacctaattcagcgttacgtaaatatgcacgtgtgcgttta
tcaaacaacatcgaaattaacgcatacatccctggtatcggccataacttacaagaacacagtgttgtac
ttgtacgtggtggacgtgtaaaagacttaccaggtgtgcgttaccatattgtacgtggagcacttgatac
ttcaggtgttgacggacgtagacaaggtcgttcattatacggaactaagaaacctaaaaactaa
>Potential gene 14:14955..15122, 168 bp
atgactcgcgtgttaagccaaatcaatcagaaaaatatacctgtatcttttttcaaaagcaaacatgctt
tgggtaaacatgtaggtattaacgtcaatgcgacaatagtagcattgattaaatgagaattagtaagtgt
tttacttactaaattttatttaacctaa
>Potential gene 15:15388..18984, 3597 bp
atgaaaataggattggcttcacctgaaaaaatccgttcttggtcttttggtgaagttaaaaaacctgaaa
caatcaactaccgtacattaaaacctgaaaaagatggtctattctgtgaaagaattttcggacctacaaa
agactgggaatgtagttgtggtaaatacaaacgtgttcgctacaaaggcatggtctgtgacagatgtgga
gttgaagtaactaaatctaaagtacgtcgtgaaagaatgggtcacattgaacttgctgctccagtttctc
acatttggtatttcaaaggtataccaagccgtatgggattattacttgacatgtcaccaagagcattaga
agaagttatttactttgcttcttatgttgttgtagatccaggtccaactggtttagaaaagaaaacttta
ttatctgaagctgaattcagagattattatgataaatacccaggtcaattcgttgcaaaaatgggtgcag
aaggtattaaagatttacttgaagagattgatcttgacgaagaacttaaattgttacgcgatgagttgga
atcagctactggtcaaagacttactcgtgcaattaaacgtttagaagttgttgaatcattccgtaattca
ggtaacaaaccttcatggatgattttagatgtacttccaatcatcccaccagaaattcgtccaatggttc
aattagatggtggacgatttgcaacaagtgacttaaacgacttataccgtcgtgtaattaatcgaaataa
tcgtttgaaacgtttattagatttaggtgcacctggtatcatcgttcaaaacgaaaaacgtatgttacaa
gaagccgttgacgctttaattgataatggtcgtcgtggtcgtccagttactggcccaggtaaccgtccat
taaaatctttatctcatatgttaaaaggtaaacaaggtcgtttccgtcaaaacttacttggtaaacgtgt
tgactattcaggacgttcagttattgcagtaggtccaagcttgaaaatgtaccaatgtggtttaccaaaa
gaaatggcacttgaactatttaaaccattcgtaatgaaagaattagttcaacgtgaaattgcaactaaca
ttaaaaatgcgaagagtaaaatcgaacgtatggatgatgaagtttgggacgtattggaagaagtaattag
agaacatcctgtattacttaaccgtgcaccaacacttcatagacttggtattcaagcatttgaaccaact
ttagttgaaggtcgtgcgattcgtctacatccacttgtaacaacagcttataacgctgactttgacggtg
accaaatggcggttcacgttcctttatcaaaagaggcacaagctgaagcaagaatgttgatgttagcagc
acaaaacatcttgaaccctaaagatggtaaacctgtagttacaccatcacaagatatggtacttggtaac
tattaccttactttagaaagaaaagatgcagtaaatacaggcgcaatctttaataatacaaatgaagtat
taaaagcatatgcaaatggctttgtacatttacacactagaattggtgtacatgcaagttcattcaataa
tccaacatttactgaagaacaaaacaaaaagattcttgctacgtcagtaggtaaaattatattcaatgaa
atcattccagattcatttgcttatattaatgaacctacgcaagaaaacttagaaagaaagacaccaaaca
gatatttcatcgatcctacaactttaggtgaaggtggattaaaagaatactttgaaaatgaagaattaat
tgaacctttcaacaaaaaattcttaggtaatattattgcagaagtattcaacagatttagcatcactgat
acatcaatgatgttagaccgtatgaaagacttaggattcaaattctcatctaaagctggtattacagtag
gtgttgctgatatcgtagtattacctgataagcaacaaatacttgatgagcatgaaaaattagtcgacag
aattacaaaacaattcaaccgtggtttaatcactgaagaagaaagatataatgcagttgttgaaatttgg
acagatgcaaaagatcaaattcaaggtgaattgatgcaatcacttgataaaactaacccaatcttcatga
tgagtgattcaggtgcccgtggtaacgcatctaactttacacagttagcaggtatgcgtggattgatggc
cgcaccatctggtaagattatcgaattaccaatcacatcttcattccgtgaaggtttaacagtacttgaa
tacttcatctcaactcacggtgcacgtaaaggtcttgccgatacagcacttaaaacagctgactcaggat
atcttactcgtcgtcttgttgacgtggcacaagatgttattgttcgtgaagaagactgtggtactgatag
aggtttattagtttctgatattaaagaaggtacagaaatgattgaaccatttatcgaacgtattgaaggt
cgttattctaaagaaacaattcgtcatcctgaaactgatgaaataatcattcgtcctgatgaattaatta
cacctgaaattgctaagaaaattacagatgctggtattgaacaaatgtatattcgctcagcatttacttg
taacgcacgacatggtgtttgtgaaaaatgttacggtaaaaaccttgctactggtgaaaaagttgaagtt
ggtgaagcagttggtacaattgcagcccaatctatcggtgaaccaggtacacagcttacaatgcgtacat
tccatacaggtggggtagcaggtagcgatatcacacaaggtcttcctcgtattcaagagattttcgaagc
acgtaaccctaaaggtcaagcggtaattacggaaatcgaaggtgtcgtagaagatattaaattagcaaaa
gatagacaacaagaaattgttgttaaaggtgctaatgaaacaagatcataccttgcttcaggtacttcaa
gaattattgtagaaatcggtcaaccagttcaacgtggtgaagtattaactgaaggttctattgaacctaa
gaattacttatctgttgctggattaaacgcgactgaaagctacttattaaaagaagtacaaaaagtttac
cgtatgcaaggtgtagaaatcgacgataaacacgttgaggttatggttcgacaaatgttacgtaaagtta
gaattatcgaagcaggtgatacgaagttattaccaggttcattagttgatattcataactttacagatgc
aaatagagaagcatttaaacaccgtaagcgtcctgcaacagctaaaccagtattacttggtattactaaa
gcatcacttgaaacagaaagtttcttatctgcagcatcattccaagaaacaacaagagttcttacagatg
cagcaattaaaggtaagcgtgatgacttattaggtcttaaagaaaacgtaattattggtaagttaattcc
agctggtactggtatgagacgttatagcgacgtaaaatacgaaaaaacagctaaaccagttgcagaagtt
gaatctcaaactgaagtaacggaataa
>Potential gene 16:19148..22558, 3411 bp
atgtttagagacatttctccaattgaagattttactggtaatttgtcattagagtttgtggattaccgtt
taggagaaccaaaatatgatttagaagaatctaaaaaccgtgacgctacttatgctgcacctcttcgtgt
aaaagtgcgtctaatcattaaagaaacaggagaagttaaagaacaagaagtctttatgggtgatttccca
ttaatgactgatacaggtacgttcgttatcaatggtgcagaacgtgtaatcgtatctcaattagttcgtt
caccatccgtttatttcaatgaaaaaatcgacaaaaatggtcgtgaaaactatgatgcaacaattattcc
aaaccgtggtgcatggttagaatatgaaacagatgctaaagatgttgtatacgtgcgtattgatagaaca
cgtaaactaccattaacagtattgttacgtgcattaggtttctcaagcgaccaagaaattgttgaccttt
taggtgacaatgaatatttacgtaatactttagagaaagacggcactgaaaacactgaacaagcgttatt
agaaatctatgaacgtttacgtccaggtgaaccaccaactgttgaaaatgctaaaagtctattgtattca
cgtttctttgatccaaaacgctatgacttagcaagcgtgggtcgttataaaacaaacaaaaaattacatt
taaaacatcgtttatttaatcaaaaattagctgagccaattgtaaatactgaaactggtgaaattgtagt
tgaagaaggtacagtgcttgatcgtcgtaaaatcgacgaaatcatggatgtacttgaatcaaatgcaaac
agcgaagtgtttgaattgcatggtagcgttatagacgagccagtagaaattcaatcaattaaagtatatg
ttcctaacgatgatgaaggtcgtacgacaactgtaattggtaatgctttccctgactcagaagttaaatg
cattacaccagcagatatcattgcttcaatgagttacttctttaacttattaagcggtattggatataca
gatgatattgaccatttaggtaaccgtcgtttacgttctgtaggtgaattactacaaaaccaattccgta
tcggtttatcaagaatggaaagagttgtacgtgaaagaatgtcaattcaagatactgagtctatcacacc
tcaacaattaattaatattcgacctgttattgcatctattaaagaattctttggtagctctcaattatca
caattcatggaccaagcaaacccattagctgagttaacgcataaacgtcgtctatcagcattaggacctg
gtggtttaacacgtgaacgtgctcaaatggaagtacgtgacgttcactactctcactatggccgtatgtg
tccaattgaaacacctgagggaccaaacattggattgattaactcattatcaagttatgcacgtgtaaat
gaattcggctttattgaaacaccatatcgtaaagttgatttagatacacacgctatcactgatcaaattg
actatttaacagctgacgaagaagatagctatgttgtagcacaagcaaactctaaattagatgaaaatgg
tcgtttcatggatgatgaagttgtatgtcgtttccgtggtaacaacacagttatggctaaagaaaaaatg
gattatatggatgtatcgccgaagcaagttgtttcagcagcgacagcatgtattccattcttagaaaatg
atgactcaaaccgtgcattgatgggtgcgaacatgcaacgtcaagcagtgcctttgatgaatccagaagc
accatttgttggtacaggtatggaacacgttgcagcacgtgattctggtgcggctattacagctaagcac
agaggtcgtgttgaacatgttgaatctaatgaaattcttgtacgtcgtctagttgaagagaacggcgttg
agcatgaaggtgaattagatcgctatccattagctaaatttaaacgttcaaactcaggtacatgttataa
ccaacgtccaatcgttgcagttggagatgttgttgagtataacgagattttagcagacggaccatctatg
gaattaggagaaatggcattaggtagaaacgtagtagttggtttcatgacttgggacggttacaactatg
aggatgccgttatcatgagtgaaagacttgtgaaagatgacgtgtatacttctattcatattgaagagta
tgaatcagaagcacgtgatactaagttaggacctgaagaaatcacaagagatattcctaatgtttctgaa
agtgcacttaagaacttagacgatcgtggtatcgtttatattggtgcagaagtaaaagatggagatattt
tagttggtaaagtaacgcctaaaggtgtaactgagttaactgccgaagaaagattgttacatgcaatctt
tggtgaaaaagcacgtgaagttagagatacttcattacgtgtacctcacggcgctggcggtatcgttctt
gatgtaaaagtattcaatcgtgaagaaggcgacgatacattatcacctggtgtaaaccaattagtacgtg
tatacatcgttcaaaaacgtaaaattcatgttggtgataagatgtgtggtcgacatggtaacaaaggtgt
catttctaagattgttcctgaagaagatatgccttacttaccagacggacgtccgatcgatatcatgtta
aaccctcttggtgtaccatctcgtatgaacatcggacaagtattagagctacacttaggtatggctgcta
aaaatcttggtattcacgttgcatcacctgtatttgacggtgcaaacgatgacgatgtatggtcaacaat
tgaagaagctggtatggctcgtgatggtaaaactgtactttatgatggacgtacaggtgaaccattcgat
aaccgtatttcagtaggtgtaatgtacatgttgaaacttgcgcacatggttgatgataaattacatgcgc
gttcaacaggaccatattcacttgttacacaacaaccacttggcggtaaagcgcaattcggtggacaacg
tttcggtgagatggaggtatgggcacttgaagcatatggtgctgcatacacattacaagaaatcttaact
tacaaatccgatgatacagtaggacgtgtgaaaacatacgaggctattgttaaaggtgaaaacatctcta
gaccaagtgttccagaatcattccgagtattgatgaaagaattacaaagtttaggtttagatgtaaaagt
tatggatgagcaagataatgaaatcgaaatgacagacgttgatgacgatgatgttgtagaacgcaaagta
gatttacaacaaaatgatgctcctgaaacacaaaaagaagttactgattaa
>Potential gene 17:22890..23522, 633 bp
atgagtcattattacgatgaagatccaagtgtaattagcaatgaacaacgtattcaatatcaattaaacc
atcataaaattgatttaataactgataatggagtgttttcgaaagataaagtagattatggttcagatgt
tcttgttcaaacttttttaaaagcgcatccacctggtccaagtaagcgaattgccgatgttggttgtggt
tacggaccaattggtttgatgattgctaaagtatcaccacatcattcaattacaatgctagatgttaatc
acagagcgctagccttagttgaaaaaaacaaaaaaataaatggtattgataatgcgatcgtaaaggaaag
tgatgctttgtctgctgtggaagacaaaagttttgattttattttaaccaatccaccaataagagcaggg
aaagaaaccgtgcatcgtatattcgagcaagcattacatagattagactcgaacggtgaactattcgttg
taattcagaagaagcaaggtatgccatctgcaaagaaaagaatgaatgaactttttggaaatgtagaagt
ggtaaataaagataaaggatattacattctgagaagtataaaagcttgaaatgaaatggatattctgtta
tag
>Potential gene 18:23697..24065, 369 bp
atggctaatcatgaacaaatcattgaagcgattaaagaaatgtcagtattagaattaaacgacttagtaa
aagcaattgaagaagaatttggtgtaactgcagctgctccagtagcagtagcaggtgcagctggtggcgc
tgacgctgcagcagaaaaaactgaatttgacgttgagttaacttcagctggttcatctaaaatcaaagtt
gttaaagctgttaaagaagcaactggtttaggattaaaagatgctaaagaattagtagacggagctccta
aagtaatcaaagaagctttacctaaagaagaagctgaaaaacttaaagaacaattagaagaagttggagc
tactgtagaattaaaataa
>Potential gene 19:24108..24608, 501 bp
atgtctgctatcattgaagctaaaaaacaactagttgatgaaattgctgaggtactatcaaattcagttt
caacagtaatcgttgactaccgtggattaacagtagctgaagttactgacttacgttcacaattacgtga
agctggtgttgagtataaagtatacaaaaacactatggtacgtcgtgcagctgaaaaagctggtatcgaa
ggcttagatgaattcttaacaggtcctactgctattgcaacttcaagtgaagatgctgtagctgcagcga
aagtaatttctggatttgctaaagatcatgaagcattagaaattaaatcaggcgttatggaaggcaatgt
tattacagcagaagaagttaaaactgttggttcattaccttcacacgatggtcttgtatctatgctttta
tcagtattacaagctcctgtacgcaacttcgcttatgcggttaaagctattggagaacaaaaagaagaaa
gcgctgaataa
>Potential gene 20:24595..24726, 132 bp
atgatagcagacattcagacacctccatttaaatttttggtgctttttttaaaattaataaaaaaagcac
tttctacccacggcaaaaagtgcttgaaagatcatagatcatcacgttcaagtcaattttag
>Potential gene 21:24880..25572, 693 bp
atggctaaaaaaggtaaaaagtatcaagaagcagctagtaaagttgaccgtactcagcactacagtgttg
aagaagcaattaaattagctaaagaaacaagcattgctaactttgacgcttctgttgaagttgcattccg
tttaggaattgatacacgtaaaaatgaccaacaaatccgtggtgcagttgtattaccaaacggaactggt
aaatcacaaagtgtattagtattcgctaaaggtgacaaaattgctgaagctgaagcagcaggtgctgact
atgtaggtgaagcagaatacgttcaaaaaatccaacaaggttggttcgacttcgatgtagtagttgctac
accagacatgatgggtgaagttggtaaattaggtcgtgtattaggaccaaaaggtttaatgccaaaccct
aaaactggaactgtaacaatggatgttaaaaaagctgttgaagaaatcaaagctggtaaagtagaatatc
gtgctgaaaaagctggtatcgtacatgcatcaattggtaaagtttcatttactgatgaacaattaattga
aaacttcaatactttacaagatgtattagctaaagctaaaccatcatctgctaaaggtacatacttcaaa
tctgttgctgtaactacaacaatgggtcctggagttaaaattgatactgcaagtttcaaataa
>Potential gene 22:25780..26268, 489 bp
atgttaagagtgggagggcaaaactgagccctgtgaccacatcacgatatcaaggaggtgcacatcgtgg
ctaaaaaagtagataaagttgttaaattacaaattcctgcaggtaaagcgaatccagcaccaccagttgg
tccagcattaggtcaagcaggtgtgaacatcatgggattctgtaaagagttcaatgcacgtactcaagat
caagcaggtttaattattccggtagaaatcagtgtttatgaagatcgttcatttacatttattacaaaaa
ctccaccggctccagtattacttaaaaaagcagctggtattgaaaaaggttcaggcgaaccaaacaaaac
taaagttggtacagtaactaaagatcaagtacgcgaaattgctaacagcaaaatgcaagacttaaacgct
gctgacgaagaagcagctatgcgtattatcgaaggtactgcacgtagtatgggtatcgttgtagaataa
>Potential gene 23:26383..26931, 549 bp
atgtctgaagaagttggcgcaaagcgttggtatgcagtgcatacatattctggatatgaaaataaagtta
aaaagaatttagaaaaaagagtagaatctatgaatatgactgaacaaatctttagagtagtcataccgga
agaagaagaaaatcaagtaaaagatggcaaagctaaaacgactgttaaaaaaacattccctggatatgtc
ttagtggaattaatcatgacagatgaatcatggtatgtggtaagaaatacaccaggtgttactggttttg
taggttctgcaggtgcagggtctaagccaaatccattgttaccagaagaagttcgcttcatcttaaaaca
aatgggtcttaaagaaaagactatcgatgttgaactcgaagttggcgagcaagttcgtattaaatcaggt
ccatttgcgaatcaagttggtgaagttcaagaaattgaaacagataagtttaagctaacagtattagtag
atatgtttggccgagaaacaccagtagaagttgaattcgatcaaatagaaaagctttaa
>Potential gene 24:27428..27928, 501 bp
atggatctacaaccattaattattcgacgcatcaaaacatttggatttaatcattatgatttagaagact
tatatcaagaaatacttatacggatgtataggtcggtccaaacatttgattttagtggagagcagccttt
cacaaattatgttcaatgtttaattacgtctgtaaagtatgattatttgagaaaatatttagctacaaat
aaaagaatggataatttgattaatgaatatagagttacgtatccatgtgcaataaagcgttttgatgttg
aaaacaattatttgaataaattagcaattaaagagttgatttgtcagtttaagtatttgagtgcatttga
aaaagatgtcatgtatttaatgtgtgaacaatataagccgagagaaattgctcaattgatgcatgtaaaa
gagaaagtgatttataatgccatacaacgatgtaaaaataaaataaaacgttatttcaaaatgatttgaa
aagcgccttag
>Potential gene 25:28045..28614, 570 bp
atgaaagaacgttacttaatcattgatggatacaatatgataggacaatcaccaacgctaagcgccattg
caaaagagaatttagaagaagctagaatacaattaatagatgcaattgcaaattataatgcagttatttc
agatgaaattatttgtgttttcgatgcttatgaccaatcgggtgttgaaagagaatacatgtatcatggc
gttaaaacgatttttaccaaggaaaaagaaacagctgatagtttcatagaacgttatgtttatgaacttt
atgacaagcatactaagcatattacagttgtaacaagtgatatgagtgagcaacatgctatctttggatc
aggtgcatatagaatatcatctcgcgaaatgtggagagatttaaaagaaaatgaaattgatgtgagtaaa
tcattagatgatataagtgaaaacaagccaagaactcgaattccgttatcttctgaaatccttgcagaat
ttgaaaaaatacgaagaggacatcataagaaatgacatttccgtcatcttgaaattttgaatgtaacaat
attaaactaa
>Potential gene 26:28614..28796, 183 bp
atgtcattggctattgtaattggtagcgaaggacagggtatgagtcgcctagtaagtgataaatgcgatt
tttatattaagattccaatggttggacatgtaaacagtttgaatgcttcggttgcagcaagtttaatgat
gtacgaagtatttcgaaaaagacatgatgttggagaaatataa
>Potential gene 27:29368..29715, 348 bp
atgggagacgcagtcttagatcaatatgtacgtacctatatcgttttaaagcttaaaagtaagcctaata
aactacatcaaatgtctaaaaaatatgtatctgccaaaagtcaggcgcaaacgttagaatatttaatgga
gcaagaatggtttacagacgaagaaatggatattttgaagcgagggcgtaacgcgaaaagtcatactaaa
gctaaaaacactgatgttcaaacatatcgtaaaagttcagcgatagaagcagtgataggttttctttatt
tagaaaaaagagaagaacgattagaggcattattaaataaaataataacaatagtaaacgaaaggtag
>Potential gene 28:29765..31180, 1416 bp
atggagagattcaagatgattacattatataatacgcttacacgtcaaaaagaagtgttcaagcctatag
aaccagggaaagtaaaaatgtatgtatgtggtcctactgtatataactacattcatattggtaacgcaag
accagcaattaattatgacgtagtgagacgttactttgaataccaaggatataatgtagaatatgtatca
aattttacagacgtagatgataaattaattaaacgttctcaagaattaaatcagtctgttcccgaaattg
cagaaaaatatatcgctgcttttcatgaagatgttggtgcgttaaatgttagaaaagcgacttcaaatcc
aagggtaatggaccatatggatgacattattcaatttattaaagatttggtggatcaaggttatgcatat
gaaagtggtggcgatgtttactttagaacacgtaaatttgaaggttatggtaaattaagtcatcaatcca
tagatgacttaaaagtgggtgctcgtatagatgcaggagagcataaagaagatgcacttgattttacatt
gtggaaaaaagcgaagcctggcgagattagttgggatagcccatttggtgaaggtagaccaggatggcat
atagaatgttctgtaatggcatttcatgagctaggacctacaattgatatacatgcgggtggttcagatt
tacaatttccacatcatgaaaatgaaatagcacaatcagaagcacataatcatgcgccatttgctaatta
ttggatgcataatggtttcattaatattgataatgaaaaaatgagtaaatcactaggcaactttatttta
gttcacgatattattaaagaagttgatccagatgtactaagattctttatgattagcgtacattatagaa
gcccaattaactataatctagaattggtagaatcagcacgtagtggactagagcgtattcgcaatagtta
tcaattaattgaagagcgcgcacaaattgctactaatattgaaaatcaacagacatatattgatcaaatt
gatgcgattttaaatcgttttgaaacagttatgaatgatgattttaatacagctaatgcaattacagctt
ggtatgatttagcaaaacttgcgaataaatatgtactagagaatacaacatcaacagaagtaattgataa
atttaaagcagtttatcaaattttcagcgatgttttaggtgtaccgttaaaatctaaaaatgcagatgaa
ttattggatgaagatgttgaaaaattaatcgaagagcgtaatgaagcaaggaaaaacaaagattttgcac
gagcagatgaaattcgagacatgctgaaatcacaaaacattatattagaagacacacctcaaggggttag
atttaaacgtggataa
>Potential gene 29:31149..31829, 681 bp
atgtatttacgtagttcaatcattgaggaggaaatgatcttgttaaaaagaatgagagacgatataaaaa
tggtatttgagcaggatccagcggcacgttcaacattagaagtcattacaacgtatgcaggtttacatgc
agtttggagtcatttgattgcacataagttatacaaccaaaaaaaatatgttgcagcacgcgcgatatct
caaatttcaagatttttcacaggtatagaaatccatccaggtgctaaaattggaaagcgtctatttatag
atcatggtatgggcgttgtaataggagaaacatgtacaattggtgataatgtgacaatctatcaaggcgt
gacacttggtgggacagggaaagaaagagggaaaagacacccagatataggagacaatgttttaatagca
gccggtgcgaaagttttaggaaatattaaaataaattcaaatgtaaatattggtgcaaattcagttgttt
tacaatcagttccaagttattcaacggttgttggtataccaggacatattgttaagcaagatggtgttcg
agttggaaaaacatttgatcatcgccatctacctgatccaatttatgaacaaattaagcatttagaacga
caacttgaaaagactaggaatggagagattcaagatgattacattatataa
>Potential gene 30:32219..33673, 1455 bp
atgagcgatcgtataagagtaagatatgcaccaagtccaactggttatcttcatattggtaatgcaagaa
cagcattattcaattacttgtatgctaaacattacaacggagattttgtgattcgaattgaagatactga
taaaaaacgtaatttagaagatggagaaacatcacaatttgataatcttaaatggttaggattagattgg
gatgagtctgtagataaagacaatggctacggaccatatcgtcaatctgaacgtcaacatatctaccaac
cattaatagatcagttactagcagaagataaagcatataaatgctatatgacagaagaagaattagaagc
tgaacgtgaagcgcaaatcgctcgtggtgaaatgcctcgctatggtggtcaacatgcgcatttgactgaa
gaacaacgtcaacaatttgaagcagaaggacgccaaccatcaattcgtttccgagtacctcaaaaccaaa
cgtattcatttgatgatatggtaaaaggaaatatttcatttgattcaaatggtattggtgactgggttat
cgtaaaaaaagatggcattccaacgtacaattttgcagtagctatagatgatcattacatgcaaatttca
gatgtaattcgtggtgatgatcatatttcaaacacgcctaaacaaattatgatttatgaagcatttggct
gggagccacctcgttttggtcatatgtcattaattgttaatgaagaacgtaaaaagttaagtaaacgtga
tgggcaaattttacaatttattgagcaatatcgtgacttaggttatttacctgaagcgttatttaatttt
attgcgttattaggttggtctcctgaaggtgaagaagaaatcttttctaaagaagaatttatcaaaatct
ttgatgaaaagcgtttgtcaaaatcaccagcatttttcgataagcaaaaattagcatgggttaataacca
atatatgaaacaaaaagatactgaaacagtattccaattagcattacctcatttaattaaagcaaatttg
attcctgaggtgccgtcagaagaggatttatcttggggacgcaaattaattgcgctttatcaaaaagaaa
tgagttatgccggtgaaattgtacctttatcagaaatgttctttaaagaaatgccagctcttggtgaaga
agaacaacaagtgattaatggagagcaagtaccagagttaatgacgcacttattcagtaaattagaagta
cttgaaccatttgaagcggctgaaattaaaaagacaattaaagaagttcaaaaagaaacaggaataaaag
gcaagcaattatttatgcctattcgtgttgctgtaacaggccaaatgcatggtcctgaattaccaaatac
aattgaagtacttggtaaagaaaaagtgctaaaccgtttaaaacaatataagtaa
>Potential gene 31:34230..35285, 1056 bp
atggttattattatttacttaattattgggagcgcattaggaataattattattcctgaaattgcaaatg
atcttggattacaaaactccagctttttaaaaaatcactatgtagatggcattatcggtagtatttttat
gttcttaatttttggtgtatttattagacgagttactaacgctataaaaggtttagaacattttattatg
cgtagaagtgctgttgaaatactatttgcaacaataggtttaataatcggattacttatttctgttatgg
tgtcgtttatattagaatcaattggcaactctatttttaatcatttcattcctgtcataattacgatatt
actatgttatttcggtttccaatttggccttaaaaaacgagatgaaatgttaatgtttttacctgagaat
atagcgcgttccatgtcacaacatactaaaagtgctacgccaaaaattatcgacacaagcgcaattattg
atggtcgtattttagaagtcattcgttgcggttttatcgatggcaatattttaattccacaaggtgttat
taatgaattacaaattgttgcagattcaaatgacagtgttaaacgtgaaaagggtaaaagaggcttagat
attttaaatgaattgtatgatttagattatcctacaaaagtcatacatccaactaaaacacatagtgata
ttgatacaatgttattaaagctagctaaacaatatcatgcaagtattattacgacagatttcaacctaaa
taaagtttgtcatgtacatggtatcaaagcattaaatgttaatgatttatcagaagcaatcaaacctaat
gtacatcaaggtgatcaactgcatattttactgacaaaaatgggtaaagagcctggtcaggcagtaggat
atctagatgatggtacgatggtagttgttgataatgctaaaaatcttattggcagtcatgtcaatttaga
agtagtcagcttattgcaaacatcttcaggaagaattgtttttgctaaaaaaatcgaagatacagtatca
ttataa
>Potential gene 32:35328..36662, 1335 bp
atggcttgtggttatcaatctcctaaatggatggggaaatgtcctaattgtggcgcttggaatcaaatgg
aggaaattgttgaaaaagcagccaatcctaaacatggagtgaaaaccaaggaattagcaggtaaagtaca
aaaattaaatagtattaaacatgaaacaacgccgagagtgttaacagattcagcagaattcaaccgcgta
ttaggtggaggtattgtgagcggatcgttagtacttattggtggggatccaggtattggtaagtcaacgt
tacttttacaaatttgtgcatcgttatctcaaaagaaaaaagtactatatattactggagaagaatcgct
tagtcagactaaattacgtgcagagcgattagatgaagattcaagtgaattgcaagtattagctgaaaca
gatcttgaagttatttatcaaacagtaaaagaagaacaacctgatttactagtagtggattcgattcaaa
caatatatcatcctgaaatcagctctgcgccaggttctgtttcacaagttcgtgaaagtacacaaagttt
aatgaatattgctaaacaaatgaacattgcaacttttatagtgggtcatgtaacgaaagaaggtcaaatt
gctggcccaagattgctagaacacatggttgatactgtgctttattttgaaggcgatgaacaccacgcat
atcgaattttgcgagctgttaaaaaccgttttggttcaacgaatgaaatgggaatcttcgaaatgaagca
aagtggattaaaaggtgtaaataatccatctgaaatgtttttagaagaacgttcaacaaatgttccaggt
tcaacaattgttgcaaccatggagggaaccagaccacttttaatagaagttcaagcgctggtaactccaa
cgacttttaacaatccgagacgaatggcaacagggattgatcataatcgattaagtttgttgatggctgt
tttggaaaagaaagaaaattatctattacaacaacaagatgcttatatcaaagtagctggcggtgtaaag
ttaacggagccagcagttgatttaagtgtaattgtagcaactgcgtctagctttaaagatgaagctgtcg
acggattagattgctatattggagaagttggtttaacgggtgaggtacgtcgtgtatctcggatagaaca
acgcgtgcaagaggctgcaaaactaggtttcaaacgtgtaattattcctaaaaataatataggcggatgg
acatatcctgaaggtatacaagtaataggtgtaactactgtacatgaagcattgtcatttgctcttcatt
cataa
>Potential gene 33:37177..39633, 2457 bp
atgttatttggtagattaactgagcgtgcacagcgcgtattagcacatgcacaagaagaagcaattcgtt
taaatcattcaaatataggaacagaacacctattattgggattaatgaaagaacctgaaggaattgctgc
aaaagtattagaaagttttaatatcactgaagataaagtaattgaagaagttgaaaaattaatcggacat
ggtcaagatcatgttggtacattgcattatacacctagagctaaaaaagtcattgaattatcgatggatg
aagctagaaaattacatcacaattttgttggaacggaacatattttattaggcttgattcgtgaaaatga
aggtgttgcagcaagagtttttgcaaatctagatttaaatattactaaagcacgtgcacaagttgtgaaa
gctttaggaaaccctgaaatgagtaataaaaatgcacaagctagtaagtcaaataatactccaactttag
atagtttagctcgtgacttaacagtcattgccaaagacggtacattagatcctgttataggacgtgataa
agaaattacacgtgtaattgaagtattaagtagacgtacgaaaaacaatcctgtgcttattggagagcca
ggtgttggtaaaactgctattgctgaaggtttagcgcaagccatagtgaataatgaggtaccagagacat
taaaagataaacgtgttatgtctttagatatgggaacagtagttgcaggtactaaatatcgtggtgaatt
tgaagagcgtctgaaaaaggttatggaagaaatccaacaagcaggtaatgtcatcctatttattgatgag
ttgcatactttagttggtgctggtggtgctgaaggtgctatcgatgcttcgaatattttgaagccggcat
tagcacgtggtgaattacaatgtattggtgctactacattagatgaatatcgcaaaaatattgaaaaaga
cgcggctttagaacgtcgtttccaacctgtacaagttgatgaaccttcagtagtagatacagttgctatt
ttaaaaggattaagagatcgttacgaagcacaccatcgtattaatatttcagacgaagctattgaagcag
ctgttaaattaagtaacagatacgtttcagatcgtttcttaccagataaagcaattgatttaattgatga
agcaagttctaaagtaagacttaagagtcatacgacacctaataatttaaaagaaattgaacaagaaatt
gaaaaagttaaaaatgaaaaagatgccgcagtacatgctcaagagtttgaaaatgctgctaacctgcgtg
ataaacaaacaaaacttgaaaagcaatatgaagaagctaaaaatgaatggaagaatgcacaaaatggcat
gtcaacttcattgtcagaagaagatattgctgaagttattgcaggatggacaggtatcccattaactaaa
atcaatgaaacagaatctgaaaaacttcttagtctagaagatacattacatgagagagttattgggcaaa
aagatgctgttaattcaatcagtaaagcggttagacgtgcccgtgcagggttaaaagatcctaaacgacc
aattggtagctttatcttccttggaccaactggtgttggtaaaactgaattagctagagctttagctgaa
tcaatgtttggcgatgatgatgcgatgatccgtgtagacatgagtgaatttatggaaaaacacgcagtga
gccgattagttggtgctcctccaggatatgttggtcatgatgatggtggacaattaactgaaaaagttag
acgtaaaccgtattctgtaattttatttgatgaaattgaaaaagcacatccagatgtatttaatattcta
ttacaagttttagatgacggacatttgacagatacaaaaggacgtacagttgatttcagaaatacaatta
tcataatgacatcaaacgttggagcacaagaattacaagatcaacgatttgctggattcggtggttcaag
tgatggacaagattatgaaacaattcgaaaaacgatgttaaaagaattaaaaaattcattccgtccagaa
tttttaaaccgtgtagatgatatcattgtattccataaactaacaaaagaagaattaaaagaaattgtaa
caatgatggttaataaattaacaaatcgattatctgaacaaaacataaatattattgttactgataaagc
gaaagacaaaatcgcagaagaaggatatgatccagaatatggtgcaagaccattaattagagcgatacaa
aaaactatcgaagataatttaagtgaattaatattagatggtaatcaaattgaaggtaagaaagttacag
tagatcatgatggtaaagagtttaaatatgacattgctgaacaaacttcagaaactaaaacaccatcgca
agcataa
>Potential gene 34:39647..40657, 1011 bp
atgatgacgcataatattcatgataatatcagccaatggatgaaaagtaatgaagaaacacccattgtta
tgtcttctagaattcggttagcgcgtaatttagaaaatcatgtgcatccactaatgtatgctactgaaaa
tgatggatttagagttataaatgaggtacaagatgccttgccaaattttgaattaatgcgtcttgatcaa
atggatcaacaaagtaaaatgaagatggttgcaaagcatttgattagtcctgaactaataaaacaaccag
cagccgcagtattagtgaatgatgatgaatctttaagtgtcatgataaatgaagaggaccatattcgtat
tcaagctatgggaactgacacgacattacaggctttatataatcaagcttcatcaattgatgatgaatta
gataaaagccttgatataagttatgatgaacaacttggttatttaactacatgtcctaccaatataggta
ctggtatgagagcaagcgtgatgctacatttaccaggtctatctattatgaaaagaatgacacggattgc
tcaaaccattaatcgttttggatatacaatcagaggtatttacggtgaaggttcgcaagtttatggacat
acttatcaagtatccaaccaacttacacttggtaaatctgagttagaaatcatagaaacattaacagaag
ttgttaatcaaatcattcatgaagaaaaacaaatacgacaaaagttagacacttataatcaattagaaac
acaagaccgtgtttttcgctcgctaggtattttacaaaactgtagaatgataactatggaagaggcttct
tatagattaagcgaagttaaacttggtatagatttaaattacattgaattacaaaactttaaatttaatg
aattgatggtagctatacagtcaccatttttattagatgaagaagatgacaaatctgtaaaagaaaaacg
agcagatatactaagagaacatataaagtag
>Potential gene 35:40644..41228, 585 bp
atgaaatgaggtgttgaagtgctttgtgaaaattgtcaacttaatgaagcggaattaaaagttaaagtta
caagtaaaaataaaacagaagaaaaaatggtgtgtcaaacttgtgctgaggggcaccatccgtggaatca
agctaatgaacaacctgaatatcaagaacatcaagataatttcgaagaagcatttgttgttaagcaaatt
ttacaacatttagctacgaaacatggcattaattttcaagaagtagcgtttaaagaagaaaaacgttgcc
catcatgtcatatgactttgaaagatattgcacatgttggtaaatttgggtgtgctaattgttatgcaac
atttaaagatgacatcattgatatcgtccgcagagttcaaggtggacaatttgagcacgttggaaagaca
ccacattcttcacataaaaagatagctttaaagcgaaaaatcgaagaaaagaatgaatatttgaaaaaac
ttattgaaatccaagattttgaggaagcagccattgttagagatgaaattaaagcactaaaagctgagag
tgaggtgcaacatgatgacgcataa
>Potential gene 36:41229..41690, 462 bp
atgcacaatatgtctgacatcatagaacaatacatcaaacgtttatttgaagagtcgaatgaagatgtcg
ttgaaattcagagagcgaatatcgcacagcgctttgattgtgtaccatcacaattaaattatgtaatcaa
aacacgattcactaatgaacatggttatgaaatcgaaagtaaacgtggtggtggtggttacatccgaatc
actaaaattgaaaataaagatgcaacaggttatattaatcatttgcttcagctgattggaccttctattt
ctcaacaacaagcttattatattattgatgggcttttagataaaatgttaataaatgaacgtgaagctaa
aatgattcaagcagttattgatagagaaacgctatcaatggatatggtttctagagatattattagagca
aatattttaaaacgtttgttaccagttataaattattactaa
>Potential gene 37:41848..43062, 1215 bp
atgcatattctaattgggattatcggaattatcttctttttagcacttgcgtttctatttagctcagaca
ggaaaaatattcgctggaaatatgtaggaattttacttgcaattcagcttatctttgcatttatcttgct
taaaactacaatgggaatcaaggttattggtggtatttcaaacggttttaactacttattattaaaagca
gcagatggtgttaactttgtattcggtggtattcaatatatcgatcctaagcaaccaccattcttcttca
gtgtattattacctatcgtatttatttcagcgattatcggtatccttcaatacacaaagattttaccttt
aatcattaatgttttaggattcttaatttctaaaattaatggtatgggacgtttagaatcatacaatgca
gttgctgcagcaattttgggacaatctgaagtatttatttcaattaaaaaacaattaccatacataccta
agcaacgtttatacacattaacagcttcagcaatgtcgactgtttctgcttcaattatcggtgcatactt
taccttaattgaacctaaatatgttgtaacggctgttgtcttaaacttatttggtggtttcatcatcgct
tcaattattaacccttataaagttaatgaagaagatgacaaattattagttgaagaaactgaagaaagac
aacaatcattcttcgaaatgctaggagaatatattttagatggatttaaagtagctgtcattgtaggcgc
aatgttaatcggatacattgctattatcgctctattaaatggaattgtaagcaatatctttagtacagtt
tcaggtggcgctatttcttgggatttccaaacattaattggttttgtctttgcaccatttgcattcttag
tcggtgtgccatggcaagatgcagttcaagccggttcagttatggcgacaaaactattatctaacgaatt
tgtagcaatgcaagcactcggtaaacttagtgatttatctgaacacgcaaaaggtgttacatctgtattc
ttagtatcatttgctaattttagctctattggtattatttcaggtgcgattaaatctcttaatgacaaaa
aaggagatacagttgcccgctttggtttgaaattattattcggtgcaacactagtatctttcatttcagc
tgcaatcgctggattctttatttaa
>Potential gene 38:43270..43830, 561 bp
atgaaaataggtgtattagcattacaaggtgcagtacgtgaacatattagacatattgaattaagtggtc
atgaaggtattgcagttaaaaaagttgaacaattagaagaaatcgagggcttaatattacctggtggcga
gtctacaacgttacgtcgattaatgaatttatatggatttaaagaggctttacaaaattcaactttacct
atgtttggtacatgcgcaggattaatagttctagcgcaagatatagttggtgaagaaggataccttaaca
agttgaatattactgtacaacgaaactcattcggtagacaagttgacagctttgaaacagaattagatat
taaaggtatcgctacagatattgaaggtgtctttataagagccccacacattgaaaaagtaggtcaaggc
gtaaatatcctatgtaaggttaatgagaaaattgtagctgtccagcaaggtaaatatttaggcgtatcat
tccatcctgaattaacagatgactatagagtaactgattactttattaatcatattgtaaaaaaagcata
g
>Potential gene 39:43834..44721, 888 bp
atgagtaaaattattggatcagacagagtcaaaagaggtatggctgaaatgcaaaaaggcggcgttatta
tggatgtcgttaatgctgagcaagcaagaattgcagaagaagctggcgcggtagcagttatggcattaga
acgagtaccttctgatattagagctgctggtggcgttgcacgtatggcaaaccctaaaattgtagaagaa
gtaatgaatgctgtttctattccagtcatggctaaagcacgtattggtcatatcactgaagcaagagtat
tagaggcgatgggtgttgactatattgatgaatcagaagtgttaacaccagcagatgaggaatatcactt
aagaaaagatcaatttacagtaccatttgtatgtggatgtcgtaatttaggtgaagctgcgcgtagaatt
ggtgaaggtgctgctatgttacgtactaaaggtgaaccaggtacaggtaatattgttgaagctgtaagac
atatgagacaagttaattcagaagttagtcgattgactgtaatgaatgatgatgagattatgactttcgc
gaaagatatcggtgcgccttatgaaattttaaaacaaattaaagacaatggtcgtttaccggtagttaac
tttgcagctggtggcgttgcgactcctcaagatgctgctttaatgatggaattaggtgccgatggtgtat
tcgttggatcaggtatttttaaatcagaagatccagaaaaatttgctaaagcaattgttcaagcaacaac
acattaccaagactatgaactaattggaagattagcaagtgaacttggcactgctatgaaaggtttagat
atcaatcaattatcattagaagaacgtatgcaagagcgtggttggtaa
>Potential gene 40:45563..46207, 645 bp
atggacttaaaaaagcgaactcaattaatacaatgggctcaagaaaaagaagaacgatttattatagaag
atgattatgattctgagtttagatatttcggtaaacccattccagcaatacaaggtctatattcaagagg
agaaaaagtgatttatatcagtacattttcaaagtctatttttcctagctgtcgtgttgcatatatggtg
ttaccctattctataatgaaaaaatatcattctcaaaatcacattgaaggcaacactgtacctgttcata
tgcaaaaccttattgcaacgtttatatcttccggtggttttgaaaggcatttaaataaaatgagacgaat
ttatcgtagaaaactaacctatattttaaaaagattgaagccatacaaagagcaacttgatattcaaggt
gctgaaacaggtatgcattttacaattacagtaaaaaatggattaacattacaagagtgtcttgatagag
caaataaagtaaagttaaaattacaagtttataattttgatgatgaccaagactataagaaaacccctaa
atttatattaggctttggcggtatagacgatgatgctttaaaaccgcatgtagacgctctaataaaaaca
ttaattataaagtaa
>Potential gene 41:46390..46686, 297 bp
atggtagccaacttacgttccgctagagtagaacgttgccaggcaaaaaatggatgcgatgagccgcatt
gaaatgctcccttcaaagtagacatagatgtactgctatatatgtttcaagaatatgaaaaaagcgtgtc
gtttcaatacctaatcgatacattacaattagatattaatgtcaatactttgtatcctaagtataaatat
tataaaacccatggtggaaatgataatttaataatgtgcacttttgattgtctaagtatgtacaacttta
attttgtgtttatataa
