
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:232..441, 210 bp
atggacaagactattacagtacttgttgaaacttacaaaacacacaaattatacggtaaacgagtaaaat
actctaaaaaatacaaaactcatgatgaaaacaattcagctaaattaggagacattgttaaaattcaaga
aactcgtcctttatcagcaacaaaacgttttcgtttagtagagattgttgaagagtcagtaattatttaa

>Potential gene 2:473..841, 369 bp
atgatccaacaagaaacacgcttgaaagtagcagacaactctggtgctcgtgaagttcttacaatcaaag
tattaggtggatctggtcgtaaaacagcaaacatcggcgatgttatcgtatgtactgttaaaaatgcaac
accaggtggcgttgttaaaaaaggtgacgttgtcaaagctgtaatcgtacgtactaagtcaggtgttcgt
cgtaatgacggttcatacatcaaatttgatgaaaatgcatgtgttatcatccgtgatgacaaaggcccac
gtggtactcgtatcttcggacctgttgctcgtgaattacgtgaaggtaacttcatgaaaatcgtatcatt
agcaccagaagtactttaa
>Potential gene 3:877..1194, 318 bp
atgcatatcaaaaaaggtgacaacgttaaagttatcgcaggtaaagacaaaggtaaagaaggtaaagtaa
ttgctactctacctaaaaaagaccgtgtcgttgtggaaggtgttaacattatgaaaaaacaccaaaaacc
aactcaattaaatcctgaaggtggaatcttagaaacagaggcagcaatccatgtttctaatgtacaatta
ttggaccctaaaacaaacgaaccaactcgtgtaggttacaaatttgttgatggtaaaaaagttcgtatcg
ctaaaaaatctggcgaagaaattaaatctaataattaa
>Potential gene 4:1269..1760, 492 bp
atgaaaaaattcaattatagttcagtaatggaagtaccaaaaatagataaaatcgttgtgaacatgggtg
taggtgacgcagtacaaaattctaaagtattagacaatgctgttgaagaattagaattgatcactggtca
aaaaccattagtaactaaagctaaaaaatcaatcgcgactttccgtttacgtgaaggtatgccaatcggt
gcgaaagtaacacttcgcggtgaaagaatgtatgaattcttagacaaattaatttcagtatcattaccac
gtgtacgtgacttccaaggtgtttctaaaaaagcatttgacggacgcggtaactacactttaggtgttaa
agaacaattaattttcccagaaatcgactatgataaagtaagtaaagttagaggaatggatattgttatc
gtaacgactgctaacactgatgaagaagctcgtgaattgttagctaacttcggtatgccattccgtaaat
aa
>Potential gene 5:2000..2398, 399 bp
atgacaatgacagatccaatcgcagatatgcttactcgtgtaagaaacgcaaacatggtgcgtcacgaga
agttagaattacctgcatcaaatattaaaaaagaaattgctgaaatcttaaagagtgaaggtttcattaa
aaatgttgaatacgtagaagatgataaacaaggtgtacttcgtttattcttaaaatatggtcaaaacgat
gagcgtgttatcacaggattaaaacgtatttcaaaaccaggtttacgtgtttatgcaaaagctagcgaaa
tgcctaaagtattaaatggtttaggtattgcattagtatcaacttctgaaggtgtaatcactgacaaaga
agcaagaaaacgtaatgttggtggagaaattatcgcatacgtttggtaa
>Potential gene 6:2423..2959, 537 bp
atgagtcgtgttggtaagaaaattattgacatccctagtgacgtaacagtaacttttgatggaaatcatg
taactgttaaaggtcctaaaggtgaattgtcaagaactttaaatgaaagaatgacattcaaacaagaaga
aaacacaattgaagttgtaagaccatctgattctaaagaagatagaacaaaccatggtacaactcgtgct
ttattaaacaatatggtacaaggtgtttctcaaggatacgtaaaagtacttgaacttgttggtgtaggtt
accgtgctcaaatgcaaggtaaagacttaatccttaacgttggttattctcacccagtagaaattaaagc
tgaagaaaacattactttctcagttgagaaaaacacagtcgttaaagttgaaggtatttcaaaagaacaa
gttggagcattagcatctaacatccgttcagtaagacctccagaaccttacaaaggtaaaggtattcgtt
accaaggtgaatacgttcgccgtaaagaaggtaaaactggtaaataa
>Potential gene 7:2990..3349, 360 bp
atgatcagtaaaattgataaaaataaagtgcgtttaaaaagacatgctcgtgttcgtactaacttatcag
gtacagctgaaaagccacgtttaaacgtatatcgttcaaacaagcatatctacgctcaaattattgatga
taataaaggcgtaacattagctcaagcttcttcaaaagacagcgacattgctactacagcaactaaagtt
gaattagcaactaaagtcggtgaagcaattgctaaaaaagctgctgacaaaggcattaaagaaatcgtat
ttgaccgtggaggatatttatatcacggacgtgttaaagcattagctgaagcagcaagagaaagcggatt
agaattttaa
>Potential gene 8:3370..3870, 501 bp
atggctcgtagagaagaagagacgaaagaatttgaagaacgcgttgttacaatcaaccgtgtagcaaaag
ttgtaaaaggtggtcgtcgtttccgtttcactgcattagttgtagttggagacaaaaatggtcgtgtagg
tttcggtactggtaaagctcaagaggtaccagaagcaatcaaaaaagctgttgaagcagctaaaaaagat
ttagtagttgttccacgtgttgaaggtacaactccacacacaattactggccgttacggttcaggaagcg
tatttatgaaaccggctgcacctggtacaggagttatcgctggtggtcctgttcgtgccgtacttgaatt
agcaggtattactgatatcttaagtaaatcattaggatcaaacacaccaatcaacatggttcgtgctaca
atcgatggtttacaaaaccttaaaaatgctgaagatgttgcgaaattacgtggcaaaacagtagaagaat
tatacaattaa
>Potential gene 9:3859..4251, 393 bp
atggtaattgaccaccttcaaatcctggtcttacaccaccgcctgaacgagctttttgacctttgtgtcc
gcgaccacttgttttaccgttacctgtcgcaacaccacgtccaacacgattgcgttctttacgtgaacct
tctgccggttttaactcatgtaatttcatttcggcacctccttgattatttttcttctactgttactaag
tgcttaactttgttgatttgcccacgaatagcagggttatcttcaacaactactgaactgttagtctttt
taagacctaaagcttcaacagttttacgttgtgtttcaggacgaccaataacactacgagtgagggtaat
ttgtaatttagccataactagttttccctccttaattgtataa
>Potential gene 10:4083..4523, 441 bp
atgaaattacatgagttaaaaccggcagaaggttcacgtaaagaacgcaatcgtgttggacgtggtgttg
cgacaggtaacggtaaaacaagtggtcgcggacacaaaggtcaaaaagctcgttcaggcggtggtgtaag
accaggatttgaaggtggtcaattaccattattccgtcgtttaccaaaacgtggttttactaacataaat
cgtaaagaatatgctattgttaacttagaccaacttaataaatttgaagatggtactgaagtaactccag
ctttattagtagaatctggtgttgttaagaatgaaaaatctggtatcaaaatactaggtaatggttcact
tgataagaaattgacagtgaaagctcataaattctcagcttcagcagcagaagctattgatgctaaaggt
ggagcacacgaggtgatctaa
>Potential gene 11:4523..5815, 1293 bp
atgattcaaacccttgtgaacttctttagaacaaaagaggttcgtaacaagattttcttcacactagcaa
tgttagtaatttttaaaatagggacttatataccagctccaggagtaaatcctgcagcttttgataatcc
ccaaggttctcaaggtgccactgagttattaaatacttttggtggcggagccttgaaacgattttctatt
tttgcaatgggtattgtaccctacatcactgcatcaatcgtaatgcaattattacaaatggatattgtcc
ctaaattctcagaatgggcaaaacaaggtgaagtaggtagaagaaagttaaataacgttactcgttattt
agcaatttctttagcatttatccaatctataggtatggcattccaatttaataattatctcaaaggtgcg
ctgattatcaatcagtcaattatgagttatttattaatagcactagttttgacagcaggaactgctttct
taatatggcttggtgatcaaatcactcagttcggtgttggtaatggtatttctattatcatatttgcggg
tattttatcaacgttgccagccagtctaattcaatttggacaaactgcgttcgttgggcaagaagataca
tcattagcatggttgaaagtattaggacttttagtgtcactgatactattaactgtaggtgctatttatg
tacttgaagccgttcgtaaaattccgattcaatatgctaagaaacaaactgctcaaagattaggttcaca
ggcaacttatctacctttaaaagtgaactcagccggtgttattcctgtaatctttgcaatggcgttcttc
ttactgcctagaacattaacgttgttctatccagataaagaatgggcacaaaacattgcgaatgctgcaa
atccttcaagtaatgttggtatggttgtatatattgtactaattatactattcacatacttctatgcatt
tgtacaagttaatccggaaaaaatggctgataaccttaagaaacaaggtagctatgttccaggcattaga
cctggtgaacaaaccaaaaaatatattactaaagttttatatcgtttaacttttgtaggttctatcttct
tagccgttatttcaattctaccgatattagcaactaagtttatgggattaccacaatcaattcagattgg
tggtacaagtttacttatcgttattggtgtagcgattgaaacaatgaaatctttagaagctcaagtatct
caaaaagaatataaaggctttggtggtagataa
>Potential gene 12:5832..6479, 648 bp
atgaatatcattttgatgggtttacctggcgcaggtaaaggaactcaagcaagtgaaattgtcaagaaat
tcccaataccccacatttcaactggtgacatgttcagaaaagctataaaagaagaaactgaattaggtaa
agaagctaagtcttatatggaccgtggcgaattagttcctgatgaagtgactgtaggtatcgttaaggaa
agaatttctgaagacgatgcaaaaaaaggctttttattagatggcttcccaagaacaatcgagcaagctg
aggcattaaataatattatgtctgagcttgacagaaacattgatgctgtcatcaatatcgaagttccgga
agaagaattaatgaaccgtcttacaggtcgtcgaatctgtgagtcatgtggtacaacgtatcatcttgta
tttaatcctccgaaggtcgaaggtatttgtgatatcgatggtggtaaattgtatcaacgagaagatgata
atcctgaaacggtagctaatcgtttgagtgttaatattaaacaatctaagcctattttagatttctatga
tcaaaaaggtgtattgaaaaatattgatggttcaaaagatattagcgacgttaccaaagatgtcattgat
attttagatcatttgtaa
>Potential gene 13:6672..6890, 219 bp
atggctaaacaagatgtaattgaattagaaggtactgtattagatactttaccgaacgcaatgtttaaag
tagaattagaaaatggtcatgagattttagctcacgtaagtggtaaaatcagaatgaattacattcgtat
tctacctggcgacaaagtaactgttgagatgtctccgtacgatttaacacgcggaagaattacttatcgt
tataaataa
>Potential gene 14:7058..7423, 366 bp
atggcacgtattgcaggagtagatattccacgtgaaaaacgcgtagttatctcattaacttatatatacg
gtatcggtacgtcaactgctcaaaaaattcttgaagaagctaacgtatcagctgatactcgtgtgaaaga
tttaactgatgacgaattaggtcgcatccgtgaagttgtagacggttataaagtcgaaggtgacttacgt
cgtgaaactaacttaaatatcaaacgtttaatggaaatttcatcataccgtggtatccgtcaccgtcgtg
gtttaccagttcgtggtcaaaaaacgaaaaacaacgcgcgtactcgtaaaggaccagttaaaacggtagc
taacaagaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 15:7447..7836, 390 bp
atggcacgtaaacaagtatctcgtaaacgtagagtgaaaaagaatattgaaaatggtgtagcacacatcc
gttcaacattcaacaacactattgtaactatcactgatgagttcggtaatgctttatcatggtcatcagc
tggtgcattaggattcaaaggatctaaaaaatcaacaccatttgcagcacaaatggcttctgaaactgca
tctaaatcagctatggagcatggtttaaaaacagttgaagtaacagttaaaggacctggtccaggtcgcg
aatcagctattcgtgcattacaatctgcaggtttagaagtaactgcgatcagagacgttactccagtacc
tcataacggttgtcgtccaccaaaacgtcgtcgtgtataa
>Potential gene 16:7911..8858, 948 bp
atgatagaaatcgaaaaacctagaattgagacaattgaaattagtgaagatgctaaattcggtaagttcg
ttgttgaaccactagaacgtggctacggtactacactaggaaactccttacgtcgtatcctactatcttc
attaccaggtgcagccgttaagtatattgaaattgagggagttttacatgaattctcagcagtagacaat
gtagttgaagatgtttctacaattattatgaacattaaacaattagcattgaaaatttactctgaagaag
ataaaactttagaaattgatgtacgtgatgaaggcgaagtaacagcaagcgacattacacatgacagtga
tgttgaaattttaaacccagagcttaaaattgcaacagtatctaaaggtggtcacttaaaaattcgtcta
gttgctaacaagggtagaggttacgcattagcagaacaaaataatactagtgatttaccaattggtgtaa
tccctgttgattcattgtattcacctgttgaacgtgtgaactatactgttgaaaatacacgtgtaggtca
aagcagtgattttgataaattaacattggatgtttggactaatggttcaatcacaccacaagaatcagtt
tcattagcagcaaaaataatgactgaacacttgaatatcttcgttggtcttactgatgaagcgcaaaacg
ctgaaatcatgattgaaaaagaagaagatcaaaaagaaaaagtattagaaatgtctattgaagaattaga
cttatctgtacgttcatataactgcttaaaacgcgcaggaatcaattctgttcaagagttagctgacaaa
tctgaagctgacatgatgaaagtgcgtaatttaggtcgtaaatctttagaagaagttaaatacaaattag
aagatttaggattaggattaagaaaagaagattgataa
>Potential gene 17:8872..9240, 369 bp
atgggttacagaaaattaggtcgtacttctgatcaacgtaaagctatgttacgtgacttagctacatcac
ttattattagtgaacgtattgaaactacagaagctcgtgcaaaagaagttcgcagtgttgttgagaaatt
aatcactttaggtaaaaaaggagatttagcttctcgtcgtaatgcagctaaaactttacgtaatgttgaa
atcttaaacgaagatgaaactacacaaactgcacttcaaaaattatttggtgaaatcgcagagcgttaca
cagaacgtcaaggtggttacactcgtatccttaaacaaggccctcgtcgcggtgacggtgctgaatcagt
aattatcgaattagtataa
>Potential gene 18:9378..9572, 195 bp
atgatggggtgcgcgcttttttattgtataagctatcggacttttgaacagaaatgtttacaagtccgat
ttctttatatctacttttttgagtgtgaatctaaaaatatgatcaagctagtttgatcaatttctctaga
actgaatgaagtgaaagtactatcgttgaatcaaacgcggccaaccctatgttag
>Potential gene 19:9667..10608, 942 bp
atgagtcagaaaatactagtaatatatagcaaacccagtcaatgtcatatacagcgatttataaatattg
taaaatatgatagatacacgaatcgtaaaggagagagacaagtggaggataagaattcagttattgtatt
taaaaatgtttcatttcaatatcaaagtgatgcatccttcacattgaaagatgtttcttttaatatacct
aaaggtcagtggacatctattgttggtcataacggttctggaaaatctacaattgccaagttaatgattg
gcatagagaaagttaaatctggagaaattttttataataatcaagctataacagatgataattttgaaaa
gttaagaaaagacataggaattgtatttcagaatccggataatcaatttgttggttcaattgtaaaatac
gatgtggcatttggactcgaaaatcatgcggttccacatgacgaaatgcatagaagagtcagcgaagcac
ttaaacaagttgatatgttagaacgtgcagattatgaacctaatgcattatctgggggccagaagcagcg
tgtggctatagcaagtgtattagcacttaacccctctgtcattatattagatgaggcgacttctatgtta
gatcctgatgcacgtcaaaatttattggatttagtgagaaaagttaaatcagaacataatattacaatca
tttctattacgcatgatttatctgaggcgatggaagcagatcatgttatcgttatgaataaagggactgt
atataaagaaggtacagcgattgaaattttcgaccatgcagaagagttaacaacaataggtttagatttg
ccattcccaatcaaaataaatcaaatgctgggataccaaacatcattcttaacttatgaagggctggtgg
atcaactatgactatacgctttgacaatgtaa
>Potential gene 20:10584..11444, 861 bp
atgactatacgctttgacaatgtaagttatacctatcaaaaagggacaccataccagcatcaagctattc
atgatgttaatacagaatttgaacaaggtaaatattacgccatcgttggacaaacgggtagtggtaaatc
aacattgatacaaaatattaatgcactgttaaagccaactactgggacagttacagttgatgacattact
attacacataagaccaaagataaatatattagacctgtaagaaaaagaattggaatggtatttcaatttc
ccgaatctcaattatttgaggacacagtagagcgtgaaatgatatttggacctaaaaactttaaaatgaa
tttagatgaagccaaaaactatgcccatcgtctgttgatggatttaggtttttcaagagatgtaatgtca
caatcaccatttcaaatgtcaggtggacaaatgcgtaaaatagcgattgtatcgatattggcaatgaatc
ctgatattatcgtggttgatgaacccacagcaggacttgatccacaaagtaaacgacaagtaatgcgatt
actaaagtcactacaaacagatgaaaataaggcaattatcctaatttcacatgatatgaatgaagtcgcg
cgttatgcagatgaagtcatcgttatgaaagaaggtagtatagtgtcgcaaacatcaccaaaagagctct
tcaaagataaagaaaaattggcggattggcatattggtttgccagaaattgttcagttacaatatgactt
tgaacaaaaacatcaaacaaaattaaaagatattgccttaactgaagaagcatttgtaagcttgtataag
gagtggcaacatgaaaaataa
>Potential gene 21:11391..12062, 672 bp
atgaatagtggcactagtaatggaataaatgatttaatacgtgttgcaatgttccctgaacttatttcag
agccacgcgacttttgcgccaaaatgattttatctaactcatccattaacgtcgggatgaatcgtaacgc
aatggacattatcatacttaattgatgaactggtaatttaaacatctttagtggtgcaagtaatctttca
aacgcatctgttaaatcaattggacttgtagatagtgtcataattgttgcaatcatcacaataccaatta
aacgcagtgatatatatagcccttctaaaataccattagtttcaatcgtgatgccatgccattcaactaa
tacatatccacctttagttaaaaatatatgcatcattaatgtgaagattaaaaagaaaaatattggcgtt
aaacctttgattaggaaccataattgaatttttgctaatctcataaagaataatataagtgcaaacaccc
aaagatatgttaatggtgaatgacagaaaaatattaatataataaaaagaaaaacaaacattaactttgc
tcttggatcaagatgatgaacaaaagaattaattggtaaatatcgccctataatcaatttatttttcatg
ttgccactccttatacaagcttacaaatgcttcttcagttaa
>Potential gene 22:12245..13153, 909 bp
atgcgtatattagtagaaattgcgtatcaaggaaataattttctaggttttcaaattcaacaaaatggtc
gaacggtacagcaacaatttgaaaagctattacaacgcatgcataaaagacatgtgagaatccatccttc
aagtaggactgatagaggtgtacatgcgatacagcaatactttcatttcgacacagagctgaatatacct
atgtcacaatggcaatatgcaatgaaccgaacgttacctgatgatatttatgtcaacaatgtagttacag
tcgatgacgattttcattgtcgttacgattgtgttggtaaacgctatcgatataaagtatatcaagcaca
acaccgcgatccatttcaaagtggtttgaaaacattcattcctgaaacgttggatttagataaaatgaac
agagcggcacaacaattcataggtacacatgattttacgggtttttgttcgcaaaaaactgaagtagaaa
gcaaagttagaacattataccaaagtgaaattgtgaaaaccgatgatggctttgattatattgtcactgg
atctggatttttatataacatggtgcgtgtcttagttgcatttttaatagaagtcggaaaagggcgtcac
gaagtatctgatgtaccaaaacttcttgaatcaaagaatcgtaagaatgtaccttttactgcaccggctg
aaggattatatttagagaaaatttatttagatgaaaatgagttattaaaagactttggtaacgatatcaa
aatacatcgtaaaaaatcattacaaaatgactgattgccattgacaaaaagcttgtgaaattataagatt
attaacggtattgttttatatccaccccacgataagccccggaaacttattgtgttacaagatatataa
>Potential gene 23:13288..13725, 438 bp
atgcgtcaaacatttatggcaaatgaatcaaacattgagcgcaaatggtatgttatcgatgctgaaggcc
aaacattaggtcgtttatcatcagaagtagcatctatcttacgcggtaaaaataaagcaacttacacacc
acacgttgatactggtgattatgtaatcgttattaatgcatcaaaaatcgaatttactggtaacaaagaa
actgacaaagtttactaccgtcactcaaatcacccaggtggtatcaaatcaatcactgctggtgaattaa
gaagaactaatccagaacgtttaattgaaaactcaattaaaggtatgttaccaagcactcgtttaggcga
aaaacaaggtaaaaaattatttgtatatggtggcgctgaacatccacacgctgcacaacaaccagaaaac
tacgaattacgtggttaa
>Potential gene 24:13739..14137, 399 bp
atgactttggcacaagttgaatatagaggcacaggccgtcgtaaaaactcagtagcacgtgtacgtttag
taccaggtgaaggtaacatcacagttaataaccgtgacgtacgcgaatacttaccattcgaatcattaat
tttagacttaaaccaaccatttgatgtaactgaaactaaaggtaactatgatgttttagttaacgttcat
ggtggtggtttcactggacaagctcaagctatccgtcacggaatcgctcgtgcattattagaagcagatc
ctgaatacagaggttctttaaaacgcgctggattacttactcgtgacccacgtatgaaagaacgtaaaaa
accaggtcttaaagcagctcgtcgttcacctcaattctcaaaacgttaa
>Potential gene 25:14097..14285, 189 bp
atggtgtctaaatgactctataaaaatacaaaaaacactctttggaataatccaaagagtgttgtaaacg
tttcttcagttgaacacaaattgctgacgcaatttgcgaactccatctgtaaacgaacaagttcgcaaca
gttgcagcttaacgttttgagaattgaggtgaacgacgagctgctttaa
>Potential gene 26:14304..14525, 222 bp
atgatttttttatatttttcttttgagttactcgaaaattttcctttttactcgaaagctgtccttcaac
ctcagtttgcaaacattcaatacgatatctatcgaatatcattacaacctctatctacttgtcgtacgaa
tcccaaagaaaaacaaggtcatttcatatggtttcctaaagtttcatatcattgaattttaagcagaatt
gaaacaaattag
>Potential gene 27:14414..14587, 174 bp
atgatattcgatagatatcgtattgaatgtttgcaaactgaggttgaaggacagctttcgagtaaaaagg
aaaattttcgagtaactcaaaagaaaaatataaaaaaatcatgagaaaccaatgatatcaagcgttttgt
gagctttcgagtaaagaggataattttcgagtaa
>Potential gene 28:14612..14905, 294 bp
atgggaaatcattgatatcaagggttttgtgagctttcgagtaaagaggcggattttcgagtagtattat
ttaataagaattacaggttaaataaaatacctactaatcagaaggtgacagagattgtagaatttctatc
agatggaaagttagcaagtaggctagaaattcaagaaacaatgggacttcaaaaaagttatacatctgag
ttaattgctgaactgaagaagttagagattatcggatctgaaggtagaggtctgggaactagatattatt
taattagagactaa
>Potential gene 29:15751..16029, 279 bp
atgaataagtcacaattagatctaagtcttgctgtggctttttttatcgaaatgacaatttcatgttgct
ataaaacagcattttcaaaccgtcataaaacaacattttcagcccgtcataaaacaacattttcagcccg
ccataaaacgacaatttcaaaccgccattgactaaacacctcattcccaaatatgctaacaatcctccac
atcaatcaatccgacattcttcattatcacactgcacaaaatctactcatgcatttttggaatacttag
>Potential gene 30:16232..17896, 1665 bp
atgactgataaaaagtacactgcagccgatatggttattgatactttaaaaaataatggggtagaatatg
tttttggtattccgggtgcaaagatagactatctatttaatgctttaattgatgatggtcctgaacttat
tgtcacgcgtcatgaacaaaatgccgcaatgatggcgcaaggtattggaagattaacaggcaaacctggt
gtagtacttgttacaagtggccctggtgtaagtaatttaacgactggactattaacagctacatctgaag
gggatcctgtattagcgttaggtggccaagtgaaacgtaatgatttattacgattaacgcatcaaagtat
tgataatgctgcgctattaaaatattcatcaaaatacagtgaagaagtacaagatcctgaatcattatca
gaagttatgacaaatgcaattcgaattgctacttcaggaaaaaatggcgcaagttttattagtattccgc
aagacgttatttcttcaccagctgaatctaaagcgatatcactttgccaaaaaccaaatttaggagtacc
gagtgaacaagatattaatgatgtcattgaagcgattaaaaatgcatcatttcctgttttattagctggt
atgagaagttcaagtgcagacgaaacaaatgccattcgcaaattagttgagcgcacgaatttaccagttg
tagaaacattccaaggtgcaggtttaattagtcgtgaattagaaaatcatttctttgggcgagtgggttt
attccgtaatcaagttggtgatgaattattacgtaaaagtgatttagttgttacaatcggttatgatcct
atagaatatgaggctagtaactggaataaagaattagatacgcaaataatcaatattgacgaagttcaag
ctgaaattactaattatatgcaaccgaaaaaagagttgattggtaatattgctaaaacgattgaaatgat
ttctgacaaagtagatgaaccatttataaatcaacaacatttagatgaattagaacagttaagagcgcat
attgatcaagaaactggtattaaagcgacacatgaagaaggcatcttacacccagttgaaattatagaat
ctatgcaaaaggtattaactgatgaaacaacagtgacagttgatgttggtagtcactatatttggatggc
acgtaatttcagaagttacaatccaagacatttattatttagtaacggtatgcaaacacttggtgtagca
ttaccgtgggcaatttcagctgcacttgtacgccctaatacgcaagttgtatccgttgctggcgatggag
gctttttattttcatcacaagatttagaaacggccgtacgtaaaaatctaaacattattcaacttatttg
gaacgatggaaaatataacatggttgaattccaagaagaaatgaaatataaacgttcatcaggtgtcgac
ttcggtcctgtagatttcgtaaaatatgctgaatcatttggcgcaaaaggtttacgagttactaatcaag
aagaattagaagcggcaattaaagaggggtatgaaacagatggcccagtattaattgatatacctgtaaa
ttacaaagataatatcaaactttcaacaaatatgttacctgacgtatttaactaa
>Potential gene 31:17933..18637, 705 bp
atggctagtgttttatatcaacatggtacattaggcacattaatggcaggtttattaaaaggaactgcat
caataaatgaattattgcagcatggtgatttaggtatcgctacactaacaggttcaaatggtgaggtcat
ctttttagatggaaaagcctatcatgcaaatgaacacaaagaatttgtggaattaaaaggtgatgagtta
acaccatatgcaactgtaactaaattcgtagcagatacaagctatgaaacgaaagataaatcttctgaag
cagtttttgcagaaattaaggaaaagatgttgagtgaaaatttattttctgcagtaaaaatttcaggctt
atttaaaaaaatgcatgtacgtatgatgccggctcaagagccaccatatacacgtttaattgattcagct
agaagacaacctgaacaaactgaaacgtacgtcaaaggttcagttgttggtttctttacaccagaattat
tccatggtattggatcagcaggtttccatgtacactttgccaatgatgatcgtaactttggtgggcatgt
cttagactttgaagtagaagatgttaaagtagaaatccaaaatattgaaacatttgaacagcattttcca
attcatgatgaagatttcactaatgcaaatattgactataaagatatttcagatgaaattagagaagctg
aataa
>Potential gene 32:19016..19441, 426 bp
atgaaactaaaatcatttgttactgccactttagcattgggattattatcaacggtcggagctgcattac
ctagtcacgaagcatctgcagatagtaataacggctataaagaaatgacaatggatggttatcacactgt
tccttacacgatttcagtagatggtattactgcattacatcgaacttactttgtttttccagaaaataaa
aaggtactttatcaagaaattgacagtaaagtaaaaaatgaattagcttctcaacgtggtgttacaacag
aaaaaattaataatgcacaaacagcaacttatacacttactttgaatgatggtaataaaaaagtagtgaa
tctaaagaaaaatgacgatgctaaaaattcaattgatccaagtacaatcaaacaaatacaaattgtagtt
aaataa
>Potential gene 33:19730..20599, 870 bp
atgagtatgtcaaagcgtctattattgtttgattttgatgaaacatattttaaacataatacaaatgaag
aagatttaagtcatttaagagaaatggaaaaattgttggaaaaactaactaataataatgaagtgatcac
tgctgtattgacaggaagtacatttcaaagtgtcatggataaaatggatcaagttaatatgacgtttaaa
ccattacatatcttttctgatttgagttctaaaatgttcacttggaataatggcgaatatgttgaatcag
aaacatataaaaagaaagtcttgagcgaaccatttttatttgaagatattgaggatatattacgtcatat
ttctgcgcaatataatgtcgaatttattccacaaagagcatttgaaggtaatgaaacacattataatttt
tattttcattcaacaggtaatcacaacaatgataggcgtattctagaagcacttgtcagatacgcaaatg
accaaaactatacagcgagatttagtcgaagcaatccattagctggtgatcctgaaaatgcgtatgatat
tgactttacaccgtcaaatgctggaaaattatatgctactcaatttctgatgaagaaatataatataccc
gtaaaatcaatattaggttttggagatagcggcaatgacgaagcatatttaagctatcttgaacatgcct
atttgatgtcgaatagtagagatgaagcattaaagcagaaatttagattaacaaaatatccatattatca
agggataacactgcatgttaaagaatttgttgaaggtaagtatgattattgattggttgagtgatatgta
tactttttaagtgcaaatattaatatttaa
>Potential gene 34:20784..22301, 1518 bp
atgactacttatatgttaatgtattcaataccagaaaaagcaggtggtataacatcagttatgttaaata
gatctaaacttttagctgaaaaaggctattcatgtgccttattaactttggatgacaaaaactatgatcc
attaagagctaagctaacaaattcaggacggttacataaacaagtaaaaattgttaacttatacgaagaa
ttgaagatgctgtatgatgttgaaaatacagaaatcgaaaataaaaatatgcaaacatttgaaaaattaa
atcttttaaatcaagaaggcttttatattcaaaaagacgaatatgaagaaaaaaaatatgctagatactt
taaagataaccattacataatgtataaaaaatggataaatggtcaattatcacacattgattattttcaa
aatcgaaaacgctttaaaagacatgtttttcaaaataaaatacttcgaaaagaaataactttcaacgata
aaaataaaatgagtgaagttaaatatttatcaaatgacggcttttgttacttatcatattggtatgggga
taacgaaaatatagtcaatatattttattttgataaaaacagcaaagaagtattaaactttaaaaataat
aaagcgttccattcatattggttggataaaaacttaacttcaaacgacgtattaatactagacggtatag
gtacttatcataaagtagagaacatgcagaataatgatatcaaaaaaatatttactatacatacgaatca
tttcatgtccccttactcctatggcgctgagattaaaccagagttcagaaacatgttactaaaccttaaa
aagttagatactttagttgtattaactaaagaacaaaaagatgacattataaaacaatttggtgattaca
ataatataaaggttattcctaatgctatatcttttgaagaaaatttaacacaaaatattcgagaaaaaaa
ttctattattgtattacaaagatttgtagctatgaaaaatatcacacatatcatttccgctataaatatt
gtaagaaaaaaagtaaaggatgttaagttacacatatacggtaccggtacgcaaaaagaaaattacacaa
aacttattaaaaaacttaaattgcaagataatgtgttcatccatgattacgcatttgacatacgtgctct
ttatacaaaaacctctctaagtgtactgacatcagattatgaaggtctcccaatgagtttactagaggcc
atgagttacggtgttccagttatttcatatcctattaattatggtcctaaatctataatccaaaataata
taaatggaataataacaaaaaagaaggataatattaatgaattggcaaaaaaaataattcatgtattaaa
aaaagaaacattgatatctcagttttctgaaaatgctagaacaacaataaagacaaacttttcttacgaa
gcagtatccaaaaaatggattgaattaatcgatgaaaaaagccaatag
>Potential gene 35:22311..22589, 279 bp
atgacattaaatgagtataattacaacaatgaattaatattaaagttaaacaagattgaagtacaaaaaa
ataacgaaaaaatttctgaggtttttaaggattatgaaatattaaagcccaaaattgtttttaatggctc
taatccttatttagcattaaatcatattatagttgctgaaatagaaaattacagttctttagaaacgttc
tccaaaatatatgtagatgaagattactactataattacggagaattaattatcaagtgcaagaaatag
>Potential gene 36:22947..23156, 210 bp
atgactaagagaaaaatgtgaatatactttaaaatagaagtaatacaactcgttgtatcaagtataaatg
ttactgatgtcttaatgcgtctttgaattcctattcaaaaaatatcaaagtggttaactaaatgttataa
aaatagaggaaatgcttttgcagataattggaaaatgatgtgaatctatcaaaaagacttaaagttttag

>Potential gene 37:23462..24331, 870 bp
atgaataaaacaaactttggggattatttaaataaaagtaagagcaggaaaatatataagatttttgatc
aaaatttgaagcgagagtttagttattggcactttaggaaacttttcaaatcttatacaaggcagtctga
tgtacatgagttaaaagtgtgtactcaaaatgatggtactatggagcaaatatggatagataaagcaaat
caatttggagtggcagtgacttggaaagataatagtattattggatttgttatgcgtccgttaatcaatt
atgatgctattaagaatgaaacgactttaaaatacgcagtgccgacaacagattgctatgaggttttttg
gggtggagataatgaattatataattatcactatttatacccacatcaaaggtatgctattgatttagtt
attaaagaaaatcataaaacatataagaacaaaggaaaagtaaatactgattatttttattttggaaaag
atatcattgcgccagcaaatggtacagttgaaaaagtagcgaatggggttcaagacaacagtattggaag
cacgaatgaatcacagtttttaggaaattatattgtaatcaagcacgcagaaaatgagtatagcctaata
gctcatttacaacaatattcaatcattgtgaatgaggggcaaaatgttaaatatggtgacatcattggga
aggttgggaattctggcaattctactgaacctcatatacattttcaagtaatgaatgataagaatattga
agcatgtacatctttgaaaattcgatttataaataatcgagaacttatcaagggtgatgtggtctgcgga
ttacaaggtgaatgatggcgatatttataa
>Potential gene 38:24376..26808, 2433 bp
atgtcaatgacatatagaatgaagaaatggcaaaaaatatctaccattacgttattaatggctggtgtga
ttacttttaatgatagtgaattcagaagtgttgataaacatcaaatcgctgtggctgatacgaatgttca
aacgacagattatgaaaagttgaggaacacatggctgaacgttaactacggttataatcagtatgatgag
aataatgatgcaatgaaaaagaagtttgaggctacggagaaagaggcgacgaatttactaagtagcatga
aaactgaaagtgataggaaatacttgtgggaaaactcaaaagatttagatacgaagtctgcggatatgac
tcgtacctatcgtaatattgagaaaatcgcagaagcgatgaagcataaaaatactaagttgaatactccg
gataataaaaacaaagttaaagatgcccttgagtggctgcataaaaatgcatatggaaaagaaccgactg
ataaagtaaaagaactgactgagaattttaaaaataaaacttctagaaataccaacttaaattggtggga
ttatgaaattggaacacctagagcattaacaaatacactaatattactgaatggtgatatttcaagtgat
gaaaagaaaaaatacactgcccctatcaaaactttcgccccagaaagtgacaaaatattatcatcagtag
gacaacctgaacaagctaaaggaggaaatttagtagacattgctaaagtaaaacttttagaaagtattat
cgaagaagatacaactatgatgaaagaatcaatagatgcatttaataaagtcttcacttacgttcaaagt
aatgcaactggtaaagaacgtaatggattctataaagacggctcttatattgatcatcaagacgtcccat
acactggtgcttatggcgttgtactcttagagggtatttctcaaatgatgccgatgataaaagaaacatc
ttttaaagatagtaatcaaaatgatacaacattaaagtcgtggattgatgaaggatttatgccactcatt
tataaaggtgaaatgatggatttatcacgtggtagagccattagccgtgaaaatgaaacgagtcactcag
tatctgcaactgtaatgaaatcattgttgagattaagtgatgccatggatgattcaacaaaagctaaata
taaacaaatcgttaaaacttcagttaaatctgattcaagttataaacaaaacgattatttaagctcttat
tcggatataagcaaaatgaagtctttaatggaagacagcactatttctactaacgatttaacacaacaac
ttaaaatatataatgacatggatcgtgtcacctatcacaataaaggcttagactttgcatttggtttaag
tatgacgtcgaaaaacgtcgcacgttacgaaagtatcaataatgaaaacctaaaaggttggcatactggt
gctggaatgtcttatttatacaatagcgatgtgaaacactaccgtgataacttctgggcgactgccgata
tgaaacgtttagcaggtactacaactatagaaaatgaagaacctaaaggtacggatgttaaaaagtcgag
taaaacttttgtaggcggaacaaaattcgatgaccaacatgctagtatcggaatggattttgaaaatcag
gacaaaactttaactgccaaaaaatcatatttcatattaaacgataaaattgtcttcttaggaactggca
ttaaaagtactgattcatcaaagaatccagttacaacgattgaaaatcgcaaaacgaatgggtatacgtt
atatacagacgataaacaaacaaccgcttccgataatcaggataccaattccgtctttttagagtccacc
aataaacctaaaaacaatataggctatcattttttaaacaaatcgaaaataactgtaaaaaaagaaagtc
atactggtaagtggagtgatataaataaaagtcaaaaatcagaagacaaaactgatgagtattatgaagt
aactcaaaagcattctgataaagacaataaatatggatatgtgttgtatccaggtataacaaaagataat
tttaaatccaaagcaagccaagtaactgtcgttaaacaagatgatgacttccacgttgtgaaagataatg
aatcggtttgggctggtgtcaattatagtgatagcgctaaaacttttgaaattaatggtactaaagtcga
agttaaagccaaaggaatgtttattcttaaaaagaaaaatgataaaacttatgaatgtagcttctataat
cccgaatctacaaatcccgcttcagatattgaatctaaaatttcaatgactggatactctattacaaaca
aagatacatcgactacaaatgaatccggcgtacgctttgaattaactaaataa
>Potential gene 39:27210..27626, 417 bp
atgaaaactaaagaagtcgtagcgctcatgaatatatctcaagacactttaagatattatgaaaaggttg
gtgtgattccacctgttaatcgagatgaaaatggatatagaatatataatgatagtgatttaaattggat
ttatttagtgaaaaatttgcgaaatgcaggcgtcagtattgaatcgcttatcgaattttgtaggttagcg
cagcttcctaaaaatgaaaatattcaagcacagcaaaagcaaattttaaataagcaactcgaagaattaa
atgaaaacttaaagacaattcatgatgcgagagacttactacaatataaaattgataattatgataatca
tattgctaaaatcaatgctagtgataatcatgatgccaatgttgaacgtctttgggagagaaagtaa
>Potential gene 40:27696..28544, 849 bp
atgaatcatattgaaataagtaaagatgtaaagataccagtattaggtttcggagtatttcaaattcctc
aagaacaaacagcagaagcggttaaagaagcaattaaagcgggttatagacatattgatacagcgcaaag
ttatttaaatgaaactgaagtaggtcaaggtattgaagcttcaggtattgatagaagtgaactattcatt
acgactaaagtatggattgaaaatgttaactatgaagatactatcaaatcaatcgaacgatcattacaac
gattaaatttagactatcttgatctagtgcttattcaccaaccttataatgatgtatatggctcatggcg
tgcattagaagagttaaaagaaaatggtaaaattaaagcaatcggtgtatctaacttcggcgttgatcga
attgtagatttaggtattcacaatcaaattcaaccacaagtgaaccaaatagaaattaatccattccatc
aacaagaagaacaagttgcagcacttcaacaagaaaatgttgtggtagaagcttgggcaccatttgcaga
aggtaaaaatcaattattccaaaatcaattgttgcaggccattgcagataaatataacaaatcaattgca
caagttattttacgctggttagtagaacgtgacatcgttgtactcgcaaaatcagtgaatccagaacgta
tggctcaaaacttagatatatttgattttgaacttacagaagaagataaacaacaaattgcgacattaga
agaaagtaatagccaatttttctcacatgctgatccagagatgattaaagcacttacaagcagagaatta
gatgtttaa
>Potential gene 41:28844..29002, 159 bp
atgttggaaaatgccattattcatgaagattatttttacaatctaaaagcagtaaagactcataatatag
ccaaaaacgttaataaaagtttgttaaatgataagggggtgagtattggtaaatttattcaaaaggttaa
agggaaaaatcctacctag
>Potential gene 42:29152..29760, 609 bp
atgtgctttgatataaataatttgaatataaaaaagttgaattttagaaaggtaaaaaacgcaattcatt
taagtttaagtggcgataaataccagtttttggaggacggtaaaactatcaataatacttattttttagc
tgtatatgataatgcaataaacatttttgaagatttgttttcgccttctgattctataaatttggttcat
gtagtatatgtttataatgaaccttataagaaaacaaatgttataagaaaatttacatcgttaacaatag
atgaattgtattactttaaagaatataaaaaggagaaggatgataatattttgtgcgaggagttttcata
taagtgttccataaaagatataaaatataaaaaattattaaaagctatatccaataaagactttaaaggg
ttagttccaaatatcaatcagaatgataattattctgaaatatacataattaacaatactaaaaacgtaa
tatatcatttatatgatgatagaggtctatggctagcttttaataataatgaagattatgcaagatattc
tgaaaaatataatgatttaatatcagaatttgataacgaagatatctaa
>Potential gene 43:30051..30671, 621 bp
atgggtggcttatttgatgaaatttcaaaagatgggctttcaccagaatacttgttaagccgtgattatt
tagaagatgatcctgaaggttttatcaatttctgccataagcgtttactatttgtcgatacgaagcctaa
tatcgttcatgattggattgcaaaattagaacgtaatcaacaatctttaggtgtcatcacgcaaaatatc
gatggtttgcactcagacgctggaagtcaacatgttgatgaattacatggcacgttaaatcgtttttatt
gtaatgcatgtcataaatcttatacgaagtcagatgtcattgatagaactttgaaacattgtgataattg
tggtggcgccattcgaccggacatcgtattatacggtgaaatgttagatcaacctaccatcatacgggca
ttaaataaaattgaacatgccgacacccttgttgtactaggttcatcactcgttgtacaacctgccgcag
gattaatatcaaattttaaaggcgacaatttaattattatcaataaagatcgaacaccttatgatagcga
cgctactttggtcatacatgacgacatggtttccgttgtaaaatcattaataacagggtaa
>Potential gene 44:30997..31788, 792 bp
atgacccatcgcctaaataaaggaggcaattttacattgaataaacatgaacgtttggacgaaattgcta
aactagtgaataaaaagggcacgataagaacgaatgaaatcgtcgaaggtttaaatgtgtctgatatgac
agttcgaagagatttaattgaattggaaaataaagggattttaacgaagattcatggtggtgcacgcagt
aattcaacatttcagtataaagaaatatcacataaagaaaaacatacccgtcaaattgcagaaaaacgat
ttatagctagaaaagctgcatcattaattgaagatggggatactttgtttttcggaccaggaacaacagt
ggaactattagcagaagaagtcaatcatcatacgctcacaattattacgaattgtttgccggtgtataaa
attttgttagaaaaacaaacagcacattttcgtgtctatttaattggtggtgaaatgcgccatattacag
aagcatttgtaggtgaaatggcgaatgccatgttggaaaaactaagatttagcaagatgttctttagtag
taacgcagtaaataaaggtgctgtgatgacatctacattagatgaagcctatacgcaacaactggcactc
agtaattcaattgaaaaatacttgttaatcgatcatacgaaagttggcaaagaagattttacatcatttt
gtcagttaaacgaattgactgcagtggtcatggattatgaagatgaagaaaaggtagaaacgattaaaac
atatattgaagtagtcgactaa
>Potential gene 45:31817..32044, 228 bp
atgtgtctatatgctcgtaagtgaatgtgaatttgcattcatttatgggctattttttatgcaaatttat
gtaaacgggaacctcgacaaagttttactacaatttcagacgaatacctaattaaaacaacaccacagta
tgaatgttcacttattgtttgaaaatatgtcataaacaaacagattataaacatattatgttgatttatt
gtttgtttatgtttataa
>Potential gene 46:31873..32109, 237 bp
atgacatgtttatttgtaggttatgaaaatcttgagaaaaggctttcaatttgattacgtttaaattata
aacataaacaaacaataaatcaacataatatgtttataatctgtttgtttatgacatattttcaaacaat
aagtgaacattcatactgtggtgttgttttaattaggtattcgtctgaaattgtagtaaaactttgtcga
ggttcccgtttacataaatttgcataa
>Potential gene 47:32156..32584, 429 bp
atggcgattattattggttcagatgaagctggcaaacgattaaaagaagtcatcaaatcatacttattag
acaataaatatgatgttgttgacgtaacagaaggacaggaagttgactttgttgatgcaactttggctgt
agcaaaagatgttcaaagtcaagaaggtaacttaggtattgttatcgatgcatttggtgcaggtagcttt
atggttgctacaaaaatcaaaggcatgattgctgctgaagtatcagatgaacgctctggatatatgacta
gaggccataacaattcaagaatgatcactatggggtctgaaattgttggagacacattagcgaaaaatgt
cgttaaaggttttgttgaaggtaaatacgatggtggtagacaccaaatccgtgtagatatgcttaataaa
atgtgctag
>Potential gene 48:32600..33115, 516 bp
atgaagattgcattaggatgcgaccatattgttacagatacaaaaatgcgtgtatctgaatttttaaaat
caaaaggacatgaagtcattgacgtaggaacatacgatttcacaagaacacattatccaatttttggtaa
aaaagttggcgaacaagttgttagcggtaatgcagacttaggtgtttgtatttgtggaacaggtgttggt
attaacaatgctgtaaataaagtacctggcgttcgttcagcactagtacgtgatatgacatcagctttat
atgctaaagaagaattaaatgcgaacgttattggctttggtggacgtattataggtgagttattaatgtg
cgatattatcgatgcatttattaatgctgaatataaaccaactgaagagaacaaaaaattaatcgctaaa
attaaacatttagaaacaagcaatgcagatcaagctgatccacatttctttgatgaattcttagaaaaat
gggacagaggcgaataccacgattaa
>Potential gene 49:33128..34060, 933 bp
atgattttaactttaacattaaatccatccgttgatatttcatatccattaacagcattgaaattagatg
atgttaatcgtgttcaagaagtaagtaaaacagctggtggtaaaggtttaaatgtaacaagagtacttgc
gcaagtaggtgagccagtccttgcgagtggttttattggcggtgaattaggtcaatttattgctaaaaaa
ttagatcatgccggtatcaagcatgcattttataacattaagggtgaaacacgaaactgcattgcaattt
tacatgaagggcaacaaacagaaattttagagcaaggaccggagattgataatcaagaggctgcaggatt
tattaaacattttgaacaattattagaaaaagttgaagcagttgctatttcaggtagcttacctaaagga
ttaaatcaagattattatgcacaaatcattgaacgatgccaaaacaaaggtgtgcctgtaatattagact
gctcgggtgcaactttgcaaacagttttggaaaatccatacaaaccaacagtcattaaaccaaacatttc
tgaactatatcaattgcttaaccagccacttgatgaaagtttagaaagtttgaaacaggcagtgtcacaa
cccttattcgaagggattgagtggattattgtgtctttaggtgaacaaggtgcattcgctaagcacaatc
atacattctatagagtgaatattccgataataagtgtattaaatccggttggttcaggtgattctacggt
tgctggaattacttcagcaattctcaatcatgaaaacgaccacgatttactaaaaaaagccaatacttta
ggcatgctgaatgcgcaagaagcacaaacaggttatgtcaatttaaataattatgatgatttattcaatc
aaattgaagttttagaggtgtaa
>Potential gene 50:34064..35044, 981 bp
atgtcaaaatcgaatcaaaaaatcgcatcaattgaacaattaagtaacaacgaaggtatcatttctgcat
tagcatttgaccaacgtggtgctttaaaacgcatgatggcaaaacatcaaactgaagaaccaactgtagc
tcaaattgaacaattaaaagtattagttgcggaagaattaacacaatatgcatcttcaattttattagat
cctgaatacggtttaccagcttctgatgcacgtaacaaagattgtggattattacttgcttatgaaaaaa
ctggttatgacgtaaatgctaaaggtcgtttacctgactgtttagttgaatggtctgcaaaacgattaaa
agaacaaggcgcaaatgctgttaaattcttactttactatgatgtagatgatacagaagaaatcaatatt
caaaagaaagcatatatcgaaagaatcggttcagaatgtgtagctgaagatattccattctttttagaag
tattaacatacgatgacaacattcctgataacggtagtgttgaattcgcaaaagttaagcctagaaaggt
taacgaagcaatgaaattattctcagaaccacgctttaacgttgatgtattgaaagttgaagtaccagta
aacatgaaatatgtagaaggctttgctgaaggtgaagtggtttatacaaaagaggaagcggcacaacact
ttaaagatcaagatgcagcaactcatttaccatacatttacttaagtgctggtgtttctgcggaattatt
ccaagaaactttaaaatttgctcacgaagctggtgctaaattcaacggtgtactttgtggccgtgctaca
tggtctggtgctgttcaagtatacattgaacaaggtgaagatgctgctcgtgaatggttacgtacaactg
gtttcaaaaatattgatgacttaaacaaagtattaaaagatactgcgacatcttggaaacaaagaaaata
a
>Potential gene 51:35377..37095, 1719 bp
atgacaatgatgcaaaaattgatcgcacaaattgaaaaagggaagccatttttcgagaaattatcacgta
acatatatttaagagccatccgtgatggatttatttctgcaatgcctgtcatcttattctcaagtatctt
tctattaattgcatacgtgccaaatatatttggttttaaatgggataaaggcatggaagccattttaatg
aaaccatataactatacgatgggacttgtagcatttttagtagcaggaacgacagcgaaatctttaacag
attcatttaatcgtaagctagaaagtacaaatcaaattaactttatttctacgatgctagcagcgatgtg
tggattcttgttcttagcttctgatccagccaaagatggtggattcttaagtgcatttatgggaactaaa
ggtttattaacagcattcttatcagcatttgtaactgttattgtttataacttctgtgtgaagcgcaata
ttacaattaaaatgccgaaagaagtaccgccgaatatttcacaagtatttaaggacttaattccattttc
agcggtaatcatcattctttatgcattagatttagtcattcgcaacagctttaaatcaaatgtagcggaa
ggtattttaaaattattcgaaccattatttacagcagcagatggatggattggtgtcacaattatctttg
gtgcctttgcattattctggtttgtaggaattcatggtccatcaatagtagaaccagcaattgcagccat
tacatatgcgaatatcgaagcgaacttcaagttgcttcaagctggagaacacgcagataaaattattaca
tcaggtacacaaatgtttatcgttacttttgggggtacgggtgcgacattggtcgtcccattcatgttta
tgtggatgacgaaatctaaacgaaacaaagcgattggacgtgcatcagttgtaccaacattctttggtgt
aaacgaaccaattttatttggtgcaccactagtattgaatcctgtgttctttattccatttgtattagca
ccaattgttaacgtatggattttcaaacttttcgttgaagtgttaggaatgaatagttttagtgtgaatt
taccttggacaacaccaggtccattgggcattatcatgggtacaggttttggtttatggtcattcgtact
agctattactttgattgttgtagatatcattatttactacccattcctaaaagtttatgatagtgaaatt
cttgatgaagaagaaggacgtaaagaaagtaattcagatttaaaagaaaaagttgcagcaaactttgata
cgaaaaaagctgattcaattttagcggcaagtggtgtatcagacgatgcagctaaagcttcaaatatcac
agaacaaacaaatgtcttagtactttgtgccggtggtggtacaagtggattattagccaacgcacttaat
aaagcagctgaagaatatcatgtgccagtgaaagcagcagctggcggatatggcgcacatatggacatta
tgaaagagtaccaattaatcattttagcgccacaagttgcgtctaactatgaagatattaagcaagatac
agatagattaggtattaaattagcgaagactcaaggtgctgaatatatcaaattgacacgagatggccaa
gcagcccttgatttcgttcaacaacaatttgaaaattaa
>Potential gene 52:37113..38525, 1413 bp
atgactaaaacattacctgaagattttatttttggtggagcaacagcagcatatcaagcagaaggtgcga
caaatacggatggtaaaggtcgtgtagcatgggatacgtatttagaagaaaactattggtacactgcaga
accagcgagtgatttttataacagatatccagtggatttagaattaagtgaaaaattcggtgttaatggt
atccgtatttcaattgcatggtctcgtatcttcccaaatggatatggcgaagttaaccctaaaggtgttg
agtattaccataagttatttgcagagtgtcataaacgtcatgtcgaaccatttgtaacattgcatcattt
tgatacaccagaagtgttacacaaagatggcgattttctaaatcgtaaaacgattgactactttgtagat
tatgctgaattttgttttaaagaattcccagaagtaaaatattggactacattcaatgaaattggaccta
ttggtgatggtcaatatttagtaggtaaattccctccaggtattaaatatgattttgaaaaagttttcca
atctcatcacaatatgatggttgctcatgcaagagcagtaaaattatttaaagatggcggctatcaagga
gaaattggtgttgtacacgcattgccaacaaaatatccgttcgatccatcaaatcctgaagatgttcgtg
cagcagaattagaagatatcatccataataaattcatcttagatgcaacatatttaggtaagtattctcg
tgaaacgatggaaggtgtgcaacatatcttatctgttaatggcggtaaattaaacattacagatgaagat
tatgccattttagatgcagccaaagatttaaacgacttcttaggtatcaattactacatgagtgattgga
tgagaggttacgatggagaatctgaaatcacgcataatgcgacaggtgataaaggcggttctaaatacca
acttaaaggtgtcggacaacgtgaatttgatgtcgacgtacctcgcacagactgggactggatgatctat
cctcaaggtttatatgatcaaatcatgcgtgttgttaaagattatcctaactatcataagatttatatca
ctgaaaatggtttaggatataaagatgaatttattgaatctgaaaaaacagttcatgatgatgcacgtat
tgattatgtaagacaacatttaaacgttattgcagatgctattaaagatggtgcaaatgttaaaggttac
tttatttggtcattaatggatgtgttctcttggtcaaatggttatgaaaaacgatatggtttattctatg
tcgattttgagactcaagaacgttatcctaagaaaagtgcttattggtacaaagagttagccgaaacaaa
agaaattaaataa
>Potential gene 53:38776..39660, 885 bp
atgggagttaaaagtgtgaagaaaatttttgtaattattacgacattgttagcggtcgctattattatag
gctctattattacggtggtgtttagtcaacgacaggcacaaacatttaaaatacaacaacagcaatttgt
taaaaagccaattccaacattgttcttacatggatttggtggtagtgccaattctgaaaagtttatggtg
aagcaagcagaaaaaagaggggtaactaaagatatcatcactgcttacgtttcaaaggatggtgcagtga
catttaaagggaaactaagaaaagatgcagtgaatcctattgtgaaaattgaacttgaaaataacagaca
aggctatttggataagaatgctgcgtggtttaaaaatgtactgactaagttacaatctgaatacaatttc
gataaattcaactttgtcggtcactcaatggggaacttaacatttgcacaatatatgatgacatatggta
acgacaagtcactgccacagttaaacaaacaagtgaatattgcagggacatttaatggtgttttaaatat
gaatgaagatgtcaatgaaattacagttgataaagatggtaaaccaagtcgaatgaatcaaccttatcag
caattacgcgtgctaaaagatatttataaaggtaaaggtatcgaagtgctaaatatttatggagatttga
aagatggtacacattcagacggcagagtgtctaatagttcttcgaaatcattaaaatatttactgggaaa
tagtccgaaaagttatcgagaatctaaatatgaaggtgagcctgcacaacatagtcagcttcatgagaat
gaaaatgttgctaatgagttaatcgacttcttatggaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 54:39940..40944, 1005 bp
atgatgcaaaataaacaaattctttttaacaaaataccagaaggcatgcctcaagaggatacattcaaaa
ttgaagagattgacacgcctaaacttgagagcgatggtgtacttgtacaaacgctgtatatttcagtgga
tccatatatgagaggacgtatgactaaggcagattcgtatgtacagccttttgaaattggtaaaccgatt
gttagccatgtcgttgcaaaagtaattgattcgacactcgcagattataaaaaaggagatgtcgttgtag
gtatgttgccttggcgaatcattaatcatgtccaagcggatcaaattactaaagttccaacgacagatgt
accacttgatttatatttaagtgttttaggaatgccaggacaaacagcatatcatggtctgcttgatatt
ggacaacctaaagccggtgatactgttgtggtttcagctgcatctggtgctgtaggttcagttgtaggtc
aaattgctaagattaaaggttgccgtgttgtaggtattgcgggtggcgacaaaaaagtaaattatttaac
agagacactgggctttgacgctggtattgattataagaaagaggattttgcagaagcgttagcacaagca
gtaccagatggtattgatgtttattttgaaaatgttggtggtacagttggcgatgaagtatttaagcatt
taaatcgttttgcacgtgtaccagtatgtggcgcaatttcgtcatataatcatcctgaagccgatatcgg
accacgtattcaaggtacgcttattaagaagcaagtaatgatgagaggcttcttagtaagtgaattcgcc
aatgcttttaaagaagctagtgaacagctcgcaacatgggttcaagaaggtaaaattcagtcacaagtaa
ccattgaagatggttttgaaaatgcgccacatgcatttaaaaatttatttactggcgataactttggtaa
acaagttattaaagtaacggaataa
>Potential gene 55:41163..42185, 1023 bp
atgaggtgaaacgatatgaaaatgataggatttgaaaagccctttaaattggaagaaggaaatttattta
aagtatacgaacaaagaaagccaacgccagaaaacgatgatatcttagtcaaagtaaatagcattagtgt
aaatcccgtagatacaaagcaacgacaaatggaagtcactcaagcacctcgtgtacttgggtttgatgct
attggtactgttgaagctatcggaccagacgttacattatttagtccgggtgacgttgtattttatgctg
gatcgccaaatagacaaggatcaaatgcgacatatcaattggtttcagaagctatagttgcaaaagcgcc
acacaacataagcgctaatgaagcggttagtctaccgctaactggtattacggcatatgaaacgtttttt
gatacatttaaaatttcacataatccttctgaaaatgtaggtaaatccgtgttaatcattaatggcgctg
ggggtgtaggaagtattgccactcaaattgctaaacggtatggtttaactgtcattacaacagcatcacg
acaagaaacaacagagtggtgtgaaaagatgggagcagatatcgtattgaatcataaagaggatttagtg
cgtcaatttaaagaaaaagaaattccattagtagattatatattttgtacctataatacagacttgtatt
acaatactatgattgaactgataaaaccattagggcatattacaactatcgtagcttttaatgaagatca
agatttaaatgcattaaaattaaaaagtataacatttacacatgaatttatgtttgcgcgtccaattcat
cgaacgcctgatatgattaaacaacatgagtatttagaagatattacgaaaaatatagaatcaggacatt
accaaccaacaacgacacaagtttttgaaggtttatcacctgaaaacttatatcaagcacatctattgtt
ggaaaaacagtcaatgattgggaaattagtaattaatatatag
>Potential gene 56:42492..44054, 1563 bp
atgaaaaataaatcagtaagtctagtgttttgggtatcgttagtgatttgtacgatatttgttgcttttg
gtgcaatatttccgaaacagttagaaaaactcacgcaaaacattactacatttattgcgctacatttttc
ttggtattatttattgctcgttttagttattttatttgtctgtgtgtatattttattttcaagatacgca
aacattacattaggtgaagaaggcgaagatcctgaattctcattgccgtcttggtttgctatgttattta
gtgctggtatgggaataggacttgtgttctggacaacagcagaaccaatcagtcatgccttcaaattaac
gcctattcataaagctggcacgcaatctgcaattaatgatgcaatgcagttttcatttttccattggggg
attcatgcatgggcagtctatggtattgtcgcgcttgtgtttgcatattttagctttcataaaggatatc
ctggcttagtcagcgctacattgacgcctttattaggtgaaaaggcaatgcgtggacctttaggtggtgc
cattgatgtattggcagtcatagctacagtaacaggcgttgctgcaacattaggtttcggtgcattgcaa
ataaacgaaggtttacattttttatttaatgtaccgagtaacttcacgatgcaagtaatcttgattgtca
ttacaaccatattatttacttggtcagcatggtcaggtatcgataaaggtatcaaaacgttgagtaatat
caacatgttacttgcttttgtagtacttattggtctttttattgttgggccaacgctatacattttaaat
acatttacgaatggtctaggtaattatattgcaaatttctttagtatgagtttacgcattccgtcaggcg
gtcaaaaattccaatggttacaaaattggacaatcttttactgggcatggtggatatcttgggcaccatt
tgtaggtatatttattgcacgtgtgtcaaaaggacgtacgattaaagaatttattctaggtgtacttttt
gtcccggcattagtttgctttatattctttgcggtattcggcgcgtcagcaatttacttacaagataatc
atattgccgatattgctaaagctgcgacagaaacagcaacctttgcaacgctacaacattacccactagg
ttttgtattaagcttaattactttacttgttattatgattttctttgttacatcagcggattcggcaact
tatgttttaggtatgttgagttcaagaggtgatattaatccgaagtcatttgtcaaagtgagttggggta
tcattatggcattatttgcaattatcatgatctacacaggtggtactcaagcgattcaaaatttattaat
cattgctgcgttaccattttccgtggtcattatagcgatgatatggtcgcttttaaaatctttgagtgag
gagaaaccgagaaatagtaataaggttttaattaaacatcgtgacccagatattttagaatatcgttctt
caaaacatattgacgaaaattaa
>Potential gene 57:44295..44765, 471 bp
atgtatatccaagatggacgtataactgaatatcaagactacttccttcaatttgaatggttccaaccat
tacttatttcacttgctgcactattgatattaataggtcttatattagtatttagtatcttcaaacctac
gcatcgaaaacctggattatacaaagacttcgatgatggtcatgtttacgtatctcgtaaagctgttgaa
aagacggcattcgatacggttgcaaaatatgatcaagtaagacaaccaaatgtagttgcaaaactatata
acaaaaaaaataaatcttatatcgacattaaaactgactttttcgtaccaaataatgttcaagttcaatc
tttaactgaagcaattcgttcagatattaaaaagaatgtagaatatttcacagaaatgccagtacgtaag
ttagaagttaatgtgagagatcagaaaacttctggtccacgagtgttgtaa
>Potential gene 58:45080..45589, 510 bp
atgactgtagataacaataaagcaaaacaagcatacgacaatcaaactggtgttaacgaaaaagaaagag
aagagcgtcaaaaacaacaagaacaaaatcaagaacctcaattcaaaaataaattaactttctctgatga
agttgttgaaaaaattgctggtatcgctgcacgtgaagttaaaggtatcttagacatgaaaggtggctta
actgatacattcactaatgcattctcaagtggcaacaacgttacacaaggtgtatctgttgaagttggtg
aaaaacaagctgctgtagacttaaaagtaattttagaatatggtgaatcagcacctaaaattttccgtaa
agtaactgaattagtaaaagaacaagttaaatatattactggtttagatgttgttgaagttaacatgcaa
gttgacgatgtaatgactcaaaaagaatggaaacaaaaacacgaaaaaaataatgaaaacaataaccaag
aaagacaaggtttacaataa
>Potential gene 59:45750..47726, 1977 bp
atgaacttgaacttaatttttaaagaacagacattaaaatttaacaaagaagaacaagaaacatatttat
ttttacaacaacataataacgattgggctaatatttttaaagagatgattttacaaggaagagataaagt
cactcagagattagtcacatcaatgcatcgcgaaaacttagttaaagcgcgcactcaaagtaagaaaata
ttgagtcgtgatttgattatgttagatatctcaacgactcatatactagaaatccagttcccacaagcta
agcaaacattatatgctcctatcactggagaacatgcctttgatcgaattgatgttgaaggccctttcta
cattaaagatgacattacaaatacgattacacgagtacaccatccaaatgaaattcttgagtgtatttta
attgaagcaccagatttaaaaaatgctgctagtgatcaatttcagcaagatttaataaacagtgcaacta
atatgacatttgcaattagctatcaagcactgtcaatgcaacatgattctacacctttatttaatattat
cgaaaatagcgaagatagttacttgcgttcagagcaagccgttattgaaggtcatccgctacatcctggg
gctaaattacgtaaaggtttaaatgcattacaaacattcctatattcttcagaattcaatcaacctatta
agttgaaaatagtactgattcacagtaaattaagccgtactatgtcactgtctaaagattatgatacaac
tgttcatcaactatttccggacttaattaaacaattagaaaatgaatttacgccaaagtttaactttaat
gattatcacattatgattgtacatccatggcaattagatgacgtattacattctgattatcaagcagaag
tagataaagaattaatcattgaagcaaaacatacgttggattattatgctggtttatctttcagaacatt
agttcctaaatacccagctatgtcgccacacatcaaattgtcgacaaacgttcatattacaggtgaaatt
cgtacattatcagaacaaacaacgcacaatggtccactaatgacacgtattttaaatgatattttggaga
aagatgtcatatttaagtcctatgcatcaacaattattgatgaagttgctggtattcatttttataatga
gcaagacgaagcagactatcaaactgaacgaagtgaacaattaggtacattatttagaaaaaacatatac
caaatgattccacaagaagtcacaccaatgattccttcaagtttagttgcaacctacccatttaacaatg
aatcacctgtcgtgacattgattaaacgttatcaatcagctgcatcattgtctgattttgaatcatcggc
gaaatcgtggattgaaacttatagtaaagcattgcttggtctcgtaatcccactagttactaaatatggc
attgcattagaggctcacttgcaaaatgctattgcaacatttcggaaagatggtttattggacacgatgt
atattagagactttgaaggtttaagaattgataaagcacaactaaatgaaatgggatacagtacatctca
tttccatgaaaaatcaagaattcttactgattcaaaaacgtctgtgtttaacaaagccttttattctacc
gttcaaaaccatttaggcgaattaattcttacaatctctaaagcatcaaatgattcaaacttggaaagac
atatgtggtatatcgttcgtgatgtactagataacatctttgatcaacttgtgctttcgacacacaaatc
taatcaagtaaatgagaatcgcataaatgaaattaaagataccatgttcgcgccatttatagattataag
tgtgttacaacaatgcgtcttgaagatgaggcacatcattatacttatattaaagttaataaccctttgt
atcgagaaaataattaa
>Potential gene 60:47828..49039, 1212 bp
atgacaaaatatttttttagcagttcttttctactatttctaggtaattggattggacaaatagggctaa
attggtttgtacttaccacttatcataacgcagtttatctggggattgtcaatttttgcagacttgtacc
aatattattactaagtgtgtgggcaggggcaattgccgataaatatgataaagggcgattgctgagaatt
acaatttcatcatcatttttagtaactgcaattttatgtgtgcttacgtatagtttcactgcaattccaa
ttagcatcattattatatatgcgacattaagagggattttaagtgcggttgaaacacctttaagacaagc
aatcttaccagatttatcagataaaatatctactacacaagctgtatcatttcattcattcatcattaat
atttgtcgttcaatagggcctgccattgctggtgtcatattagcagtctatcatgcgccaacaacatttc
ttgcacaggcaatttgttattttatcgcagttttattatgtttaccattacattttaaagtaactaaaat
gcctgaagatgcaacaagatatatgcctttaaaagtcattatagattacttcaaattacatatggaaggt
cgacaaatatttataacatcattattgattatggcgacaggtttttcatatacgacacttttaccagttt
tgacaaacaaagtatttccagggaaatctgaaatatttggtatcgctatgacgatgtgtgccattggtgg
tattattgcaacgctagttttacctaaagtacttaaatatattggtatggtaaatatgtattatttaagt
tcatttttatttggcattgctttgttaggtgtggtatttcacaatattgtcatcatgttcatttgtatta
cattgattgggttatttagtcaatgggcacgtacgacaaatcgcgtttattttcaaaataatgttaaaga
ttatgaacgtggtaaagtactgagtattattatgatggatagaggtatgattccattgggaagtctgtta
atgagtatatgtgcagatgtgtttggcattgttagaactttttcaataatgggaataagtactatatgca
ttacaatggtattctattttataaatagaaagttgaagttaaagttggaggaaagtaatcatggtatatc
ttgaatgggcaaaggcagatag
>Potential gene 61:49008..50765, 1758 bp
atggtatatcttgaatgggcaaaggcagatagaaatattcaatatcgtgtaattaacgccattattaaag
aacgtatttaccccgagcaaacatttatttcgcaaaaaggatctttaattgaaattcagtatcatatgca
tgtgttgactattgaagttgttagaaaaagtgcattagaacgctatgagtttacaggggatattacttat
ttaaataaaggtgaaacgtcattaattataactttagaaggtttgttagatgtgttgaatcatgactttg
atatccctatttcagagcgactacgcgaagagttaatacacagtcgagatagtttagttgaaacatataa
gcaaatgtctcatagacaaacattaataagtcaaagttttaaattttcaagattaccacaagatattaac
tttttttcatggttacaacatgtaaaagatagtgataagacagatgatttaacttattctgagagtttgg
taccagaggggcatccaacacaccctttaaccaaaacgaaattgcccttaactatggaagaagtacgagc
atatgcacctgagtttgaaaaagaaatccctttgcaaattatgatgattgaaaaagaccatgttgtgtgc
acagctatggatggtaatgatcaatttattattgatgaaataattcccgaatactacaatcagattcgtg
tgtttttgaagagtttaggtttgaaaaatgaagactatagagcgattttagtacatccttggcaatatga
tcatacgatagggaaatattttgaagcatggattgctaaaaaaatattaattccaacgccgtttacaata
ctttcaaaagcaactttatcatttaggacgatgtctttaattgataaaccataccatgttaagttgcccg
tcgatgtacaagcaacaagtgccgttagaacagtctcaactgtgactactgtagatggaccaaagttaag
ttatgctttacaaaacatgttgaatcaatatccaggatttaaagttgctatggaaccgttcggtgaatat
gcaaatgttgataaagatatggcacgtcagcttgcttgtattataagacaaaaacctgaaattgatggaa
aaggtgcaacagttgttagtgcaagtctagttaataaaaatccaatagatcaaaaagttatcgtggatag
ttacttagagtggttaaatcaaggaattactaaagaaagtattacgacatttattgaacgatactctcaa
gcattaatcccgcctttaattgcttttattcaaaattatggaattgcattagaagcacacatgcaaaata
cagtagtgaacttggggccacattttgacattcaatttttagtgagagatttaggtggttctagaattga
tttagaaacattacaacatcgtgtatcagatattaaaattacaaatgatagtttaatagctgattctata
gatgcagtgattgcaaaattccaacatgctgttattcaaaatcaaatggcagaattaatccatcatttta
atcagtatgattgtgttgaagaaaccgaattatttaacatagtacagcaagtagtagcgcatgccattaa
cccaacactaccacatgcaaatgagttaaaagatattttgtttggaccaacaattactgtcaaagcgttg
ttaaatatgagaatggaaaataaagtaaagcaatatttaaatattgagttagataatccgataaaaaaag
aggtgtag
>Potential gene 62:50772..51842, 1071 bp
atggcacacgttaacataaatatatcgaagattaaatataacgccaaagtacttcaaacagtttttcaaa
gtaaaaatatgcaattcacaccagtaattaagtgcatagctggtgaccgtacaattgtagaaagcttaaa
agcgttaggtatcaatcatgttgcagaatccagattggataacataattagtattgcagatcaggattta
acatatacgttattgcgtacgcctgccaaaaaagagatttcagatatgatagaaaaagttgatatgagta
tccaaacagaattatctaccatacatcaaataaatgaagtagcagaagttttaggaaaaaaacataagat
tttattaatgatagattggaaagatggccgtgaaggtgttctgacttatgatgttttagattatattaaa
gagattattcacttgaaaaatatccattttgtaggtttagcattcaattttatgtgctttaaatctgatg
cgccaagtgatgatgatatctttatgattaatcgattcgtctcagctgttgaaagagaaataggatatcg
attgaaaattatttcaggtggtaattcgagcatgttaccacaacttttatataatgatttgggtaaaata
aatgaattacgaataggtgaaacgttgtttagaggtgttgatacaacgacaaatcaagcgatagctatgt
tatatcaagatgcgattacattggaggctgagattttagaaattaaacctcgagttaatacacaaacgca
tgaatcattcttacaagctattgtagatattggctatttagacactaaagtcgataatatttcacctatg
gatcagcatatcaatattttaggcgcttcgagtgatcatttaatgcttgatttaaatggtcaaggacact
atcaagttggagatcatatatctttttcattaaattatgaagcactttctcattcgatgtatatgaaaaa
tttacataaggtatatattgatgattcaaagattgatacgctacttcaaaattttgatgtgaaatctccc
gctatggtaaaccaatattaa
>Potential gene 63:52205..53218, 1014 bp
atgaagttatacatattaaggagtggaacgatgagaggtctaaaaacttttagtatattgggattaatag
ttgccttatttttagttgcagcttgtggtaatacggataattcaagtaaaaaagaatcatcaactaaaga
tactatttcggtaaaagatgaaaatggtacagtaaaagtacctaaagatgcaaaacgtatcgttgtatta
gagtactcatttgcagatgcattagcagcattagacgttaaaccagttggtattgctgatgatggtaaga
aaaaacgtatcattaaaccagttagagaaaaaattggggattatacttctgtaggtacacgtaaacagcc
aaacttagaggaaattagtaaattaaaaccggatttaattatcgctgatagcagtagacataaaggtatt
aataaagaattaaacaaaattgcaccaacattatcattaaagagttttgatggtgactacaagcaaaata
tcgatgctttcaagacaattgcgaaagctttagataaagaaaaagaaggcgaaaaacgtcttgctgagca
tgataaattaatcaataagtataaagatgaaattaaatttgatagaaatcaaaaagtgcttccagcagtt
gttgctaaagctggtttattagcacatccaaactattcatatgttggacaatttttaaacgaattaggat
ttaaaaatgcattaagtgacgatgtaacaaaaggtttaagtaaatatttgaaaggaccttacttacaatt
agacactgaacatttagctgatttaaatccagagcgtatgatcattatgactgatcacgctaaaaaagat
tctgctgaattcaagaaattacaagaagatgcaacatggaaaaaattgaatgcagttaaaaataatcgcg
tggatattgttgaccgtgatgtttgggcaagatctcgtggcttaatttcttctgaagaaatggctaaaga
acttgttgaattatcaaaaaaagaacaaaagtaa
>Potential gene 64:53230..54294, 1065 bp
atggctataaaagaaataagtagccaatctgccatagatcataaaagaaaaagacgcacaacactcacgt
atatagtgagtttgtgctttctttttatttgtatatatttaaatatggcgattggttcttcgaaaattaa
ttttagcgatatcgttcactatgttactggtcatacagatacgaaagcaacgtttttattgcacaatgta
cgtatgccaaggatgattgcagggttatttattggcggtgcattagcggtatctggtttgttaatgcaag
caatgacacgcaatccgctagcatcacctaaaatttttggtgttagttctggcgcgtcatttgtcattgt
attagtaacgattattattccatcattagaatattatgcattatatttgggtgtgataggtgcatttata
ggtggtttaactgtttatacactttcaggtgctacgaaaggtatgacacccattaaattagcattggctg
gtatggcgatccatttgttttttagtagtatgactgaaggtattattattttaaatgagaattctaatga
acaagtgatgttttggcttgttggttcattatccagtatgaagtgggatgagattttaaccattctacca
tggcttattggtgcattaattgcaacagtctttattgggcgtcagttaacgataatggaacttggcgatg
acattgctaagggattgggtcaaaatataaataaagttagaattatcattggactattagtcattattct
tacaggtatgtcggtgtcagtggcaggaccaattggatttgttggcttaatcgtaccgcatatagtcaaa
cgctatgtgagtaagaattatttagtcatgattccattaacatttattataggtgcagatttgttactac
tatcagatgtattaagtcgtttaattacatatccttatgaatcaccagtagggattgttacatcattcgt
aggtgcactttacttcttatttataacgattaaaggggtgaaaagaatatgatgacaacgaaaattatac
gtcgttatagtttaa
>Potential gene 65:54258..55226, 969 bp
atgatgacaacgaaaattatacgtcgttatagtttaatcacaatccttttaattgtgagtatattcataa
gtttatgtgtagggtctgtcatgattcatccgattgatgctattaagggaatctttgcacaagatgattt
tattttaaatgagtatcgtatacctagaacattacttggtattattatcggtagtagcttggctatatca
ggtgcaattatacaagctgtaataagaaacccgttagcctcacctgatgttataggtatttctaaaggtg
ccagtttagctgctgtgattattattatgatctttccaacagcaccattgtttgtattacctataggttc
attcttaggtgcctttgcagtaagtttatttttatcatttttaatttcaaaatatgatgttaaaggttca
aagcttgccttaattggtttagcaataggcgcaatatgtacggcgattgtgcagttcttattaatcagaa
atccactggaagcaaacaaagcgcttgtttggttgacaggtagcctatatggacatgatatgtcgaatat
ttatactatattaccttggtttttaataacgataccaatcatcattttattgagttatcaattagatgta
ttgaatctaggtgatgctgttgcaaccgcactcggtttaaaagttaaaactattaaaatgctattgttaa
ttttagcagtaatattagcaggatccgcaatttcagttgtcggtggtattagctttttaggattaattgc
acctcatattgcgagacaattaataggaaataaaacattacacgttattatcatgtcggggttaattggt
gctatattgttaacatttggagatggtttagcccgtggcattcatccgccactggatattcctgtagggg
ttatcattgcaattatcggtgcaccatacttcttaatattattacgaagaatgaaataa
>Potential gene 66:55462..56832, 1371 bp
atggatagcttttcaaggaaagagatagttattgggagacttaagtttattacgatgtctttaattggta
tcttattatttttagtaccaattccagtcgaacaagatggacagaagcaaacaacgttgcccgtggcatt
tttagcaggcgtgcttaaagatgtattaggtggcgtaatgccatttttaattgtgacgataattactttg
tcgggtatcataacactgatttgttcaactattttaaaagataaattgaaacctgacgggctaatgaata
atgcttttaacgttagaattggttggttaattttgcgcctacttgcagttgtttttgcatggatgacatt
tttacgaattggttcaaaggttatttactcagatgaaacgggtggattattgttctcaagtttattgcca
acattagtggcagtattcttatttgcagctctatttttaccgctattaatggaatacggtttgttagaga
tgttgggtcctatttttagaccggttatgagacccttatttacattgccaggacgttcgacggtagataa
tttagcctcatttattggagacggaactgttggagtcttaattacaagtagacaatatggtgaaggatat
tattctcgtcgtgaggcaacagttatttcaacgacatttagtgtagtttctatcaccttcgcaattgtag
ttgctgaaacagtgcatatgcaaaatcaattttttgctttctatttatcagtgatagtatcctgcctcgt
tgcagcagtcattatgccaagaatttggcctttaaataaaattcctgatgagtatgctaaggaggtacct
gaaagtgcgcgtactgaggcattgccagaaggaaagacggcattgagacatggctttgatactgcaacag
aagtaggtattaaagcaccgggcgttgttgacttttttaagtcaggattaaaaacagtcgttgatatgtg
gtttgttattttgcctgtagtgatgagtattggtactattgctaccattattgcgaactacacgcccttt
tttgtcatattgggtaaaccttttgttccatttttagagttaatgcaaatacctgaagcggcacaggctt
ctcaaacgattattatcggtttcgccgatatgtttttaccttctatattaattgaaggtgtacaaaatga
tataactcgttttgttattggggcacttagtatatcgcagttaatatacttgtctgaagtaggtggcgtc
atacttggttcgaagattcctgtaagcatcggcaaattgtttatgattttcttgattagaacaatcatta
cactaccaattatttctttgatggcacatcttttgttataa
>Potential gene 67:56964..57320, 357 bp
atgacacaatttaaaaaagtatcacataactcttgaaaacgattacaaaatcgtttatgatgtatttaca
aaatatttaaaggatgtgtttgaataatggcaatgacagtaaagaaagataataatgaagtgcgtattca
atggagagttgctgatatcaaaattcctacaagtgaaattaaaaatattacacaagaccaagatattcat
gcagttcctaaattagacagcaaagatgtatctagaatcggctcaacgtttggtaaaacgaatcgcgtta
ttatcgatactgaagaccacgaatacattatttatactcaaaacgatcaaaaagtttacaatgaattaac
taaataa
>Potential gene 68:57401..57916, 516 bp
atgacaggtaaaacacatgcttcatgcggcatgctcgttggagcgctaacaacacaatattttcaaacgg
atattttttcgtcggttacggttatcattctagcaactctagctagcttattacccgatatatgtcacac
tcaaagtaagattggcagaaggtttaaggtaattagtttttttgtgagattgatctttggacatcgaacc
tttacgcattcaatattatttatcgcaatcatagcatttttattgcaaattattcagacgcctaattact
atatggcagcaattataattggattagtgtcacatgttatactagatatgataacaccaaaaggcgtgaa
attattttatccgttaccgtttaatgtgaagacaccgattcaatttaaaacaggtggacttgtagactta
tctttagctactgcgttaatggtcggaacagtttatgttttatttcagcctttcatcaatgatataataa
gcaactggaatactaagtttttatag
>Potential gene 69:57960..59147, 1188 bp
atgctagataaaaatcaattagctaaatataaacaagatcatttgtgtgaatatgaaaaaataatgagta
acaatgaaaaagaagcacttgaagagaaggtagcgtcattagatttagattttattgccaaattatataa
cgatttatacatcaataagaaaacaatagatgatgtatctgcagtttctgaagtgaaatatgatattaaa
tcacaaatgagtgatgatgagattaagcgtttagagggacaaggacttcaagctattaaagaaggacaat
ttgcagtacttttgatggcaggtggacaaggaacaagacttggatataaaggacctaaaggttcgtttga
aattgaaggtgtaagtttatttgaacttcaagctaaccaattaaaaacattgaatcatcaatctggacat
acgattcaatggtatattatgacaagtgatatcaatcatgaagaaactttagcttatttcgaagcacata
gttattttggatatgatcaagaagcaatccatttctttaaacaagataatattgtggcgcttagtgaaga
agggaagttaattttaaatcaacagggtcgtattatggaaacgccgaatggtaatggtggcgtgtttaaa
tctttagacaaggcaggatacttagaagaaatgtctaataatggcgttaagtatattttcttgaataata
tcgacaatgttttagtaaaagtgttggatccactatttgcaggatttacggtagaacatgattacgatat
tacttctaaaacgattcaaccaaaaccaggagaaagtgttggacgtttagttaatgtcgattgtaaagat
acagtactggagtattcagaattagatccagaagttgcaaatcaatttaacaatgctaatatcggtattc
atgcatttaaacttggttttattttaaacgctgtaaatcgtgaattaccttatcatttagctattaagaa
tttgaaacaattagatgagaactttggtgttattgaacaaccaactttaaaattcgaattgttctatttt
gacatatttacttatggaactagttttgtcacgttacaagttcctagagaagaagaattttcacctctta
aaaatacagaaggtaaagatagtgttgcaactgcaacagaagatttacgtagaatgggtttaatttaa
>Potential gene 70:59163..59849, 687 bp
atgatgtccaaatctagtgaaaaaagtaatgacacaattgcagaaacatttaaggatatcattccattgt
catttggagaagaaataggcaatgctgcatctcatgggttagcagcgctgttaacactattagtcttacc
ttatgcggctgtacatagttatattgcaaatggcacacttgcatcagttagtatgtcaatttatgttatt
tctatctttatgatgtttatttcatctactatttatcattctatgcaaaatgaaacgcctcataaatata
ttttaaggattattgatcatagtatgatttatgtagcaatatcaggtacatatacgcctattttattaac
agttgtaggtggttggattggatggacagtgtttatcctattatggggcacaacgctttggggaatttta
tataaatccattgctgtcaaagtaaaccaaaagttaagcttaattgtctatttggtaatgggttgggtag
gtattatcttgctaccaataatatttattcgtacatcttggatatttattttatttatttttctaggcgg
tgtgtcatatacgattggtgcatggttctatgcacaaaaaaacagaccatattttcatatgatatggcat
atttttatcgttatagcatcattattgcatttaattgcaatcttatattttatgtag
>Potential gene 71:60129..61472, 1344 bp
atgcgtttaaaatcaattgtaactgtaatagctttaatattaatcatgtttatggctgcaatcgaatcat
caattatttctttagcgttaccaacaattaagcaagatttaaatgcagggaatttaatttcattaatatt
tacggcttactttattgcattagtgattgcgaatccaatagtaggtgaattattaactcgatttaaaatt
atttatattgctatcgcaggtcttacactattcacggttggtagtttaatgtcaggtttaagcacacatt
ttagtatgttgattatatcacgtgtaattcaagggtttggatctggtgtcatgatgtccttgtcgcaaat
tgtgcctaaactagcgtttgaaattccattacgctataaaataatgggtatcgttggtagcgtttggggg
atttcaagtatcattggtccgttactaggaggcggtatacttgaatttgcaacttggcattggttatttt
ttattaatattccgatagcaattattgcaataatattggttgtctggacatttcatttttcagaagaaga
aactgtggctaaatcaaaattcgatactaaaggtatcaccttgttttatattttcattggtttaattatg
tttgcattgttaaaccaacagcatctatatttaaatatcataggttttgttttagcaatattaattgcac
ttcgattatttaatgttgagaaaaaagtttcatccccattcttaccagtagcagaatttaatcgaatgat
tactttggtctttattacagatcttcttacagctgtttgtttaatgggctttaatttatatattcctgtg
tatcttcaagaacaactgggattatcgccattgcaaagtggattagttatttttccactttctgtagcgt
ggattacattgaattttaatttgcaccatattgaagcgaagttatcaagaaaagttatctatttgtcgtc
ttttacattattattattaagtagtataatcattgcgtttggtataaaattaccaatccttatagcatgt
gtcttaattttaagtggaataagctttggatatatttatacaaaagatagtgtaattgtccaagaggaaa
caagtccaatacaaatgaagaaaatgatgtcgttttatggattaacaaaaaaccttggcgcatcaatagg
ttcgacgattatgggatacctttatgcattaaaatcaggattatttggtgcaaacttgcataatatttta
ggcgttgtatccttgataagtgtagggctcatcgttgtatggctcatattttatagagaagcggcgtcac
aaacaaatgaatag
>Potential gene 72:61579..62067, 489 bp
atggtaaggaggacaatagttatgaattatcttaaacataagttttataatttattaacaacaattattg
ttctctttatctttgtgctttctggtgcgatatttttaacgtttttaggattcggactatatggattaag
tagaattcttatttattttaggttaggtgacttcacatataacagaagtatgtacgacaacctattgtat
tatggcagttatataatctttgggtacttcatcatatttgcagtcgagcatttaatggattattttagaa
aaatgttacctgaaaatgcttattttagaggtgcaacttttcatttaatctcttatatggttgcaacaac
gttattttattttattattcatctgaactatgtatatatcaatattgatttttgggtcatcatggttatt
ataggctttttatatgtttgtaagttgcagttttaccctgaaagtaaaaatctaaacaatagaaaatag
>Potential gene 73:62307..63698, 1392 bp
atgttaatcagtgcttttgtagctattttaaatcaaacattattaaatacagcgttacctagtattatga
gagagttaaatatcaatgaaagtacttcacaatggttagttactggttttatgcttgttaatggcgtcat
gatacctctaactgcatacttaatggacaggattaaaactagacctttatacttagcagcgttgggaaca
tttttattaggttctattgttgcagccttagctccgaattttggagttttaatgttagcacgtgtaattc
aagcgatgggtgcaggggtacttatgcctttaatgcaattcacattgtttacgttattcagtaaagaaca
tagaggatttgcaatgggattagctggtttagttattcaatttgcaccagcaattgggcctactgttact
ggattaatcattgatcaagcaagttggcgtgtaccttttattataattgtaggaattgctttagtcgcat
ttatcttcggtttaatttcaatctctagttacaatgaagtgaaatatacgaaattagataagcgctctgt
aatgtattcgacgattggatttgggttaatgttatatgcattcagtagtgcaggcgacttaggatttact
agcccgatagttataggtgcattgataataagtatggttattatctatttatttatacgtagacaattta
atattagtaatgcacttttaaatttaagggtttttaagaatagaacatttgcattatgtacgattagttc
aatgattataatgatgtcaatggttggacctgcactgcttataccgctatatgttcaaaatagtttgtct
ttatctgccttgttatcaggacttgttatcatgccaggtgcaatcataaatggtattatgtcggttttta
caggtaaattttatgataagtatggtcctagaccactgatttatactggttttacgattttaacaattac
tactattatgttgtgtttcttgcatacagacacatcttatacgtatttaatagtcgtatatgcaattaga
atgttttcagtttctttactcatgatgccgataaatactacaggaattaattctttgagaaatgaagaaa
tctcacatggcacggctattatgaactttggtcgtgtaatggctggttcactaggcacagctttaatggt
tactttgatgagttttggcgcaaaaatattttcatctacatcgccatcgcatttaactgcaactgaaatt
aaacagcaatcaattgctataggggtggatatctcatttgcttttgtagccgtgcttgttatggcagctt
atgtgatagcactttttataagagaacctaaagaaatagaaagtaatagaaggaaattttaa
>Potential gene 74:63830..64681, 852 bp
atgttttcaattacgccaagaatagaatgatccgtatgttttgccatcgcacctgcgcgagctgcaacaa
atgctgctgtaggatgaggtgtcgttacaataatttccttacttgaaggtaacatcgtatgaacatctaa
agctacatctcctgttccaggtggaagatcgagtattaaatattcaatgtctccccatttaacttctgta
aagaaattcgtcaacattttacctaacattggccctctccatataactggcgcattttcttccacaaaaa
aggccattgatataactttaacgccatgacgttcaactggaattacttccttccctttaattccaggttt
ttcatcaatacccatcatatctggtacactaaatccatatatatcggcatctactaatccgacttttttc
ccttcacgggctaaggcaacggctaaatttactgcaacagtggatttaccgacgccacctttacctgaag
caatagcaataaattcgactggattattttgagataataagccttctatcgttttaggtttattttcttc
ttttggtttaaattgatttactttttcttccggcaatgtttcaaatcgtataccgaccgttttcgcaccg
ttttcttttaatacgttaacaacagccatttgtaaatctaattgcggtgcaccacctaattgtgccattg
ctaatttaacactcacatgttctttttcttccttaatagaaacttcaacaataccttctgtttcttttaa
aggcacatctataatagggtctttaatttctcctaccaattctttcacttgatctaccgttaacaaagca
aatcccccttaa
>Potential gene 75:63984..64910, 927 bp
atggcacaattaggtggtgcaccgcaattagatttacaaatggctgttgttaacgtattaaaagaaaacg
gtgcgaaaacggtcggtatacgatttgaaacattgccggaagaaaaagtaaatcaatttaaaccaaaaga
agaaaataaacctaaaacgatagaaggcttattatctcaaaataatccagtcgaatttattgctattgct
tcaggtaaaggtggcgtcggtaaatccactgttgcagtaaatttagccgttgccttagcccgtgaaggga
aaaaagtcggattagtagatgccgatatatatggatttagtgtaccagatatgatgggtattgatgaaaa
acctggaattaaagggaaggaagtaattccagttgaacgtcatggcgttaaagttatatcaatggccttt
tttgtggaagaaaatgcgccagttatatggagagggccaatgttaggtaaaatgttgacgaatttcttta
cagaagttaaatggggagacattgaatatttaatactcgatcttccacctggaacaggagatgtagcttt
agatgttcatacgatgttaccttcaagtaaggaaattattgtaacgacacctcatcctacagcagcattt
gttgcagctcgcgcaggtgcgatggcaaaacatacggatcattctattcttggcgtaattgaaaacatga
gttattttgaaagtaaagagacgggtaataaagaatatgtctttggcaaaggtggcggtactaagttagc
tgatgaacttaatactcaattacttggggaattacctttagagcaaccatcttggaatccaaaagatttt
gcaccgtcaatatatcaatcagatgatcgtctaggtaaaatttatagctcgattgcacaaaaagttatag
ctgctacaaataaatag
>Potential gene 76:64923..65159, 237 bp
atggtaagttttacacttttgaaattcttctttaaaaacaactgcgtcgtttttgacgactttatcatat
tatcaactttggaatttaaagtcaataacttttttaaaaactttttgtgttcacaacccgcttctttttc
aacgcgtttattgcttaacacaagaacttattttaccagcattccaaaacaaatcaacataaaaacgtac
aaaataaaagtaattttgtacgtttag
