
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:26..1966, 1941 bp
atggaagatacgttaattgatagtgaaacaactagaacagccgttaaccatgatttgactgaagcacaag
cattagatcaacttatggatacattacaacaaagtattgctgacaaagatgcaacacgtgcgagcagtgc
ctatgtcaatgcagaaccgaataaaaaacaagcatatgatgaagcagttcaaaatgctgagtctatcatt
gcaggattaactaatccaactatcaataaaggcaatgtttcaagtgcgacacaagcagtaacatcatcta
aaaatgcattagacggtgttgaacgattagcgcaagataagcaaactgctggaaattctctaaatcattt
agatcaattaacgccagcacaacaacaagcgctagaaaatcaaattaataatgcaacaactcgtgataaa
gtggctgaaatcattgcacaagcgcaagcattaaatgaagcgatgaaagcattaaaagaaagtattaaag
atcaaccacaaactgaagcaagtagtaaatttattaatgaagatcaagcacaaaaagatgcttatacgca
agctgtacaacacgcgaaagatttgattaacaaaacaactgatcctacattagctaaatcaatcattgat
caagcgacacaggcagtaactgatgctaaaaacaacttacatggtgatcaaaaattagctcaagataagc
aacgtgcaacagaaacgttaaataacttgtctaacttgaatacaccacaacgtcaagcacttgaaaatca
aatcaataatgcagcaactcgtgacgaagtagcacaaaaattaactgaagcacaagcacttaaccaagca
atggaagctttacgtaatagcattcaagatcaacagcaaacagaagcgggtagcaagtttatcaatgaag
ataagccgcaaaaagatgcataccaagcagcagttcaacatgccaaagatttgattaatcaaactagcaa
tccaacgcttgataaagcacaagttgaacaattgacacaagctgttaaccaagctaaagataacctacat
ggtgatcaaaaacttgcagacgataaacaacatgcagttactgatttaaatcaattaaatggtttgaaca
atccgcaacgtcaagcgcttgaaagtcaaataaacaatgcagcaactcgtggtgaagtagcacaaaaatt
aactgaagcacaagcacttaaccaagcaatggaagctttacgtaatagcattcaagatcaacagcaaaca
gaatctggtagcaagtttattaatgaagataaaccgcaaaaagatgcttaccaagcagcagttcaaaatg
caaaagatttaatcaaccaaacaggtaatccaacactcgacaaatcacaagtagaacaattaacacaagc
agtaacaactgcaaaagataatctacatggtgatcaaaaactagctcgtgatcaacaacaagcggtaacg
actgttaatgcattaccaaacttaaatcatgcacaacaacaagcattaactgatgcaattaatgcagcgc
ctacaagaacagaggttgcacaacatgttcaaactgctactgaacttgatcacgcgatggaaacattgaa
aaataaagttgatcaagtgaaaacagataaggcccaaccaaattacactgaagcatcgacggataaaaaa
gaagcagtggatcaagcgttacaagctgcacaaagcattacagaacctaataatggttcaaatgcaaata
aagatgctgtagaacaagcattaactaagcttcaagaaaaagaaaatgagttaaatggtaatgagagagt
cgctgaagctaaaacacaagcgaaacaaacagttgaccaattaacacatttaaatgctgatcaaattgca
actgcaaaacaaaacattgatcaagcgatgaaacttcaaccaatcgcttaa
>Potential gene 2:2000..6271, 4272 bp
atggatcaattacaacaagcggtcaatgatcatacaaacgttgagcaaactgtagattacacgcaagcag
attcagataagcaaaatgcttataaacaagctattgcagatgctgaaaatgtattaaaacaaaatgcgaa
taaggaacaagtggatcaagcacttcaaaacattttaaatgcaaaacaagcattaaatggtgatgaacgc
gtagcacttgctaaaacaaatggtaaacatgatattgaccaattaaatacattaaacaatgcacaacaag
atggatttaaaggcagaattgatcaatctaatgacttaaatgagatcaaacaaattgtagatgaagctaa
agctctaaatcgtgcaatgaatcaattgtctcaagaaatcactggcaatgaaggacgtacgaaaggtagt
acgaactatgtcaatgcagatacacaagttaaacgcgtgtacgatgatgcagttgataaagcgaaggaag
cactaaataaagcgacaggtcaaaacttaactgcagaagaagttatcaagttgaacgatgcggtaacagc
agcgaaacaggcattaaatggtgaagaaagacttaacaagcgtaagtctgaagcattacaaagattggat
caattaacacatctaaacaatgctcaaagacaattagcaacacaacaaattaataatgctgaaacattaa
ataaagcgtctcgagcaattaatagagctgttcaattagatgatgcaatgggtgcagtacaacagtatat
tgatgatcatcattttgatgtcattagcagtacaaattacatcaatgcagacgataacttgaaagcaaat
tatgataatgccattacaaatgcagcgcatgagttagataaagttcaaggtagtgcaatcacgaaagctg
aggcagaacaattaaaacaaaatattatagatgcgcaacaagccttaaatggtgatcaaaatcttgcaac
tgctaaagataaagccaatgcctttgttgatacattaaatggtttaaatcaacaacaacaagatcttgca
catcaagcaattaataatgccgatactgtaacaggtatagcgaatattattaatgatcaaatcgacttga
ataacgctatggaaacattgaaacacttagttgacaatgaaattccaactgcagaacaaactatcaatta
ccaaaacgctgacgacgttgctaaatcaatctttgatgatgcaaaacgtctggcaaatacattgctaaat
agtgataacacaaatgtgaatgatattaacggcgcaattcaagcagtcaatgatgcaatccaaaatctta
atggtgatcaacgtctacaagaagctaaggacaaagcaattcaaaatgttaacaaagtcttagcagataa
attgaaagaaatagaagcttcaaatgcgacggatcaagacaagcttattgcgaaaaataaagcagaagaa
ttggcaaacagtatcattaacaacattaataaagcaacaagtaatcaggatgtatctcaagttcaaacag
ctggcaaccatgcgattgaacaagtgcatgccaatgaaataccgaaagctaaaattgatgcaaataaaga
tgctgataagcaagtacaagcattaattgacgaaattgatcgaaatccaaatctaacagataaggaaaaa
caagcacttaaagatcgaataaatcaaatattgcaacaaggtcataacggcatcaacaatgcgatgacta
aagaagaaattgaacaagccaaagcacaacttgcacaagcgttacaagaaattaaagatttagtgaaagc
taaagaaaatgcgaaacaagatgtggataagcaagttcaagcattaattgacgaaattgatcgaaatcca
aatctaacagataaggaaaaacaagcgcttaaagatcgaataaatcaaatattgcaacaaggtcataacg
gcatcaacaatgcgatgactaaagaagaaattgaacaagccaaagcacaacttgcacaagcgttacaaga
aattaaagatttagtgaaagctaaagaaaatgcgaaacaagatgttgataagcaagtacaagcattaatt
gacgaaattgatcgaaatccaaatctaacagataaggaaaaacaagcgcttaaagatcgaattaatcaaa
tattgcaacaaggtcataatggcattaacaatgcgatgactaaagaagaaattgaacaagccaaagcaca
acttgcacaagcattacaagaaattaaagatttagtgaaagctaaagaaaatgcgaaaaatgcaattaaa
gcattagcaaatgcgaagcgtgatcaaatcaattcaaaccctgatttaacacctgagcaaaaagcaaaag
cgctcaaagaaattgacgaagctgaaaaacgagcactagaaaatattgaaaatgctcaaactaaagatca
attaaatcaaggattaaatttaggattagatgatattagaaatactcatgtatgggaagttgatacacaa
cctgctgtaaatgaaatttttgacgcaactcctgaacaaatccttgtaaatggtgaactcattgtacatc
gtgatgacatcattacagaacaagatattctagcacatataaacttagttgatcagcttacagcagaagt
tattgatacaccgtcaaccgcaacaatttctgatagcttaacagcaaaagtcgaagtaacattacttgat
ggatcaaaagtaattgttaatgttcctgtgaaagtagtagaaaaagaattggcagtagtcaaacaacagg
caattgaatcaattgaaaatgcggcacaacaaaagattaatgatatcaataatcacgcaacattaacacc
agaacaaaaagaagctgcgattgcggaagttaataagcttaaacaacaagctattgagcaaattaacaat
gcaacagatgttcattcggtggaagaagttcaacaacaagaacaaacgcatattgaacaatttaatccag
agcaatttacaattgaccaagccaaatcaaatgccattaaatcaattactgatgctattcaacatatgat
tgatgaaattaatgctagtaaggatttaactgataaagagaaacaagaagctatatctaagttaaatcaa
ttaaaagaacaggcaattcaagcgattcaacgtgcgcaaagtatcgatgaaatcacacaacaattagagc
aattcaaagcgcaaataaaagcagcaaatccatttgctaaagaattggaaaaacgtaaaaaagtagcgat
ttcaaaaattaaagatatttcgacagatgcaattgaacgcattaaaaatagttcaactggaactgctgaa
gaaagacaagcagcaatgaatcgaattaacgaaattgtacttgaaacaatcagagatattaataatgcgc
aaacgccacaacaagttgaggctgcattgaataatggtatcgcacgaattttggcagtacaaattgttac
atctaataatagcaagcattcatcagattcggacggtgaatctaatagtcatataagcattggatatgga
actgtaaaccatccattcaatagttcggctattggacataaaaagaaattggatcaagatgatgaaatcg
atccacttcatatgcgtcatttcggtgaccgaattggtaatgttatcaaaaacgcacttggcgttgttgg
tatttccggattacttgctagcttctggttcttcattgcgaaacgtcgtcgtaaagaggatgaagaggaa
gaattggaaattagagataatagcaaagacaagaagaaaggttcaatagaaggtactaaacatttaccac
ttttattagcgaaacgtcgcagaaaagaagatgaagaagatgctattgttgaagaaaaagattcgctaaa
caataacgagtcactcgataaagttaaacatacgccgttcttcttacctaaacgtcgtcgcaaagaagat
gaagaagatgtggaagttacaaatgaaaacacagatgaaaaagtgttgcaagataacgaacattcaccac
tcttaatcgcaaaacgacgcaaagataaagaggtagatgttgaaacaacacctagtattgaatctaatga
agatgacgcacctttattattggctaaaaagaaaaatcaaaaagataaccaatccaaagggaaaaagtcg
gcatcaaaaaaaccttctaaaaagctagtagctaaaaagaagaaaaagaaatctaaaaaaaataaaaaat
aa
>Potential gene 3:6330..6731, 402 bp
atggcgaaaataaattttgatgctgcgacgaaaggaaatccaggcataagtacgtgtgccgttgtaatca
aagaagatgatcagcattatacatatacacatgagttaggcgaaatggataatcacactgcagaatgggc
tgcttgtatctatgcattgaaacacgcccgtgaattaaacgttagcaatgcgttgttgtacactgactct
aagttaattgcggatagtgttaacgctggttatgtaaaaaatgcaaaatttaaaccttattttgatcaat
tggaaatatttgaacaagattttgatttattatttgttaaatggattccgagagaacaaaacaaagaagc
gaatcaaaacgcacagcaagcattgtacaaattaattaaaaagaacaaataa
>Potential gene 4:7111..7815, 705 bp
atgtataatgaaattttaggactagttacgtttattgcaacgttcgtgcttatggtacttatgtatcgct
tttttggtaaacaaggtttaattgcatgggttgcaattggcacaatcattgccaacatacaagtaattaa
aactgtagaaatctttggtatttcagcaactttaggtaatgtcatgtttgcttctatttatttagcaaca
gatatattaaacgatatttatgggcgtagagttgcaaaaagagcagtttggttaggcttttcatcaacat
taattatgattattgttatgcaattgtcattacattttattcctgcaccagaagatatggcacaaaaagc
tttacacgcaatctttgatgttgtgccacgcattgctttaggctcaatcgtcgcatatattattggtcaa
catattgatgtatttatcttttcactaattaaaaaagtatttagttctgataaaacgtttttcatccgtg
catatggtagtacatttttaagctcaataattgatacagctttatttgtagctatcgcatttatcggaag
tttacctggtacagttgtatttgaaatatttattacaacgtacgtactaaaattagcttcaacagttttc
aatgtaccatttggatatattgctaaatcattttatcgtaaaggcaagattgataaattagatcaaggtt
attaa
>Potential gene 5:8025..8615, 591 bp
atgacaaaacaactttcattgtatttggacttggcgttggctctatacgtaaaatttccatatactttat
tccccccgaatactagttgatgaaaaatttattcgaatacagcctctacttttggcaatactgtttccca
atttgcgtcattttctttatctactgaaataaagtccataacatggaaaattgatttaacgccttcaacc
tttaagatgtcattaataaatgctggctgtgaatcatcaactttagtatacgtatctgatgtcatacctt
ctctgctttcactaagtgtaatcttcattgtgttgtggttcggtgtttctgatatagatataatttgcat
tttacttcctcctattgaagttcatttcctaattgttttatttctttccctattgaacactcattgatac
aaaaatgatgcgacttcgttttcccctctaatttacgcagacgagttttgattggacattgattgcaata
agtattcattaaatcatctattttcgcgagtgcattttgctctgaaaaagttaaaatacgcgacacttcc
tttattacttcaaaatattgcaaccttgtaa
>Potential gene 6:8266..8517, 252 bp
atgcaaattatatctatatcagaaacaccgaaccacaacacaatgaagattacacttagtgaaagcagag
aaggtatgacatcagatacgtatactaaagttgatgattcacagccagcatttattaatgacatcttaaa
ggttgaaggcgttaaatcaattttccatgttatggactttatttcagtagataaagaaaatgacgcaaat
tgggaaacagtattgccaaaagtagaggctgtattcgaataa
>Potential gene 7:8555..9679, 1125 bp
atggaaattttacgtatagagccaacgccaagtccaaatacaatgaaagttgttttgtcatatacaagag
aagacaagttatctaatacttataaaaaagtagaagaaaatcaaccaagatttataaatcagttgttatc
tatagatggtatcacttccatttttcatgtcatgaacttcttagctgttgataaggcaccaaaagctgat
tgggaagtcatattacctgatattaaagctgctttttctggtgaaagtcaggtattggaatctggaaaag
acccacaaattgataaacattttggtgaaattaaagctgaattattaacttttaagggtataccgtatca
aattaagctaacttctgctgaccaggaattaagagaacaattaccacaaacatacgttgatcatatgact
caagcgcaaacagaacatgacaatattgtttttatgcgtaaatggctagatttaggaaatcgctatggaa
atattgaagaagtaatggatggtgtcctagaagaagtgttagctacctatccagaatcacagttgcccgt
attggtaaaacatgctttagaagaaaatcacgcagctaataattatcatttctatcgacatgtctctttg
gatgaatatcatgcgactgataattggaagactcgattgcgaatgttaaaccattttccaaagccgactt
ttgaagatataccgctgcttgatttagctttatctgatgaaaaagtaccggttagacgtcaagcgattgt
attattaggcatgattgaaagtaaagaaattttaccgtatttatataagggacttcgcgataaaagtcct
gctgtaagaaggacagcaggggattgcataagtgatttagggtatccagaggcactaccagaaatggtgc
tacttttagatgattcacagaagatcgttaggtggcgtgctgctatgtttatctttgatgaaggtaatgc
agagcagcttcccgcacttaaagcccatattaatgacaatgcgtttgaagttaaattacaaattgaaatg
gccatatctcgtattgaaaacggagatgaagcacttggttcagtatggaaacaaatggcaaacagaacaa
tttaa
>Potential gene 8:9695..10132, 438 bp
atgaatgcatatgatgcttatatgaaagaaattgcgcaacaaatgcgtggcgaattaactcaaaatggtt
ttacaagtttagaaacgagcgaagcagtattagagtatatgaaccaagtaaatgctgatgacacaacttt
tgtagttattaactctacatgcggctgtgcagctggattagcaagaccagctgcagtagctgttgcaaca
caaaatgaacatagaccaacaaatacagttacagtttttgcagggcaagataaagaagcaactgctacta
tgcgagaattcattcagcaggtaccatctagtccttcgtatgctttattcaaaggtcaagatttagttta
ttttatgcctagagaatttatcgaaggtagagatattaatgacattgcaatggacttaaaggatgccttt
gacgaaaattgtaaatag
>Potential gene 9:10556..11512, 957 bp
atgttgaattcatttgatgcagcatatcacagtctttgtgaagaagttttagaaataggaaatacacgaa
atgatcgcacaaatacaggtacgatttcgaaatttggtcatcaacttcgctttgacttatctaaaggatt
tccactattaacgacaaagaaagtttcttttaaattagtagcaaccgaattattatggttcattaaagga
gatacaaacatccaatacttattaaaatataataataatatttggaacgaatgggcttttgaaaattata
ttaaatcagacgagtataaaggtccagatatgacagatttcggacatcgtgcattgagtgatcctgaatt
taacgaacaatataaagaacaaatgaaacaatttaagcaacgtattcttgaagatgatacatttgcgaag
caattcggtgatttaggaaatgtttatggtaaacaatggcgagattgggttgataaagatggtaatcatt
ttgatcaacttaaaacagtaattgaacaaattaagcataatccagattcaagacgacacatcgtatctgc
atggaatccaacagaaattgatacaatggcacttccgccttgtcatacaatgttccagttttatgtccaa
gatggtaagttaagttgccagttataccaacgtagcgcagatatctttttaggtgtgccatataatatcg
caagctacgctttattgacacaccttattgccaaagaatgtggacttgaagtaggtgaatttgtgcatac
atttggagatgcacatatttattcaaatcatattgatgcaattcaaactcaattagcgcgtgaaagtttc
aatcctccaacattaaaaattaacagtgacaagtctattttcgacataaattatgaagatttggaaattg
ttgactatgaatcgcatccagcaataaaagctccaatagcagtgtag
>Potential gene 10:11712..12191, 480 bp
atgactttatccattctagttgcacatgacttgcaacgagtaattggttttgaaaatcaattaccttggc
acctaccaaatgatttgaagcatgttaaaaaactatcaacaggtcatactttagtaatgggtcgtaagac
atttgaatcgattggtaaaccactaccgaatcgtcgaaatgttgtacttacttcagatacaagtttcaac
gtagagggcgttgatgtgattcattctattgaagatatttaccaactaccgggacatgttttcatatttg
gagggcaaacattatttgaagaaatgattgataaagtggacgacatgtatattactgttattgaaggtaa
attccgtggtgatacgttcttcccaccttatacatttgaagactgggaagttacctcttcagttgaaggt
aaactagatgagaaaaatacaattccacatacctttctacatttaattcgtaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 11:12206..13045, 840 bp
atgacaaaacagattatagtaacagactcaacatccgatttatctaaagaatatttagaagcaaacaaca
ttcatgtaattcctttaagtttaactattgaaggagtttcatacgttgaccaagtagatattacatcaga
agaatttattaatcatattgaaaatgatgaagatgtaaagacaagtcagccagccataggtgaatttata
tctgcttatgaagaactaggaaaagatggctccgaaatcataagtattcatctttcttcaggattaagtg
gtacatataacactgcttaccaagcaagtcaaatggtagatgctaatgtaactgttattgattcaaaatc
tatttcttttggtttagggtatcaaatacaacacctagtagagcttgtaaaagaaggtgtctcaacttct
gaaatagttaaaaagttaaatcatttaagagaaaacattaaattatttgtagttatagggcaattgaatc
aattaattaaaggtggcagaattagtaaaacaaaaggtttgattggtaatcttatgaaaatcaaaccaat
tggtacactagatgatggtcgcttagagcttgtgcacaatgcgagaactcaaaattctagtatccaatac
ttgaaaaaggaaattgctgaatttataggagatcatgaaatcaaatccgttggtgtcacacatgctaacg
ttattgaatatgttgataaattgaagaaagtttttaatgaagcttttcatgtgaataattacgatataaa
tgtaactacaccagttatttctgcacatactggtcaaggtgcgattggcctcgtagtccttaagaagtaa

>Potential gene 12:13131..13664, 534 bp
atgacaaaagaatatgcaacattagcaggaggatgtttctggtgcatggttaaaccatttacatcatatc
caggcatcaagtcagtcgtatctggttatagtggcggtcatgttgacaacccaacttatgaacaggtatg
tacgaatcaaaccggccatgtcgaagcagtacaaattacgtttgatccagaggttacttcctttgaaaat
atattagacatatatttcaaaacatttgacccaaccgatgatcaagggcaatttttcgatagaggcgaaa
gctatcaaccagtcattttctatcatgatgagcatcagaaaaaggctgctgagtttaaaaagcaacaatt
aaatgaacaaggtattttcaagaaaccagtgattacacctattaaaccatataaaaatttctatccagct
gaagactaccatcaagattattacaaaaagaacccggtacattattaccaatatcaacgtggttcaggta
gaaaagcgtttatagaatcacattgggggaatcaaaatgcttaa
>Potential gene 13:13657..14085, 429 bp
atgcttaaaaaagataaaagcgaactaacagatatagaatatattgttacacaagaaaatggtactgaac
caccatttatgaatgaatattggaatcattttgctaaagggatttacgtagataagatttctggtaaacc
tttatttacatctgaagaaaagtttcattctgagtgcggatggcctagcttttccaaagcgcttgatgac
gatgaaattatagaattagtcgacaaatcatttggtatggtaagaactgaagtccgttcagaagaatcaa
atagtcatttaggacacgtctttaatgatggacctaaagaaagtggcggcttaagatactgtatcaattc
cgctgcaattcaatttattccatatgaaaaattagaagaattgggttatggcgatttaatatcacatttt
gataagtag
>Potential gene 14:14097..14597, 501 bp
atgtttaaaaaattattcggaaaaggcaaagaagttcagaaagatatcgcaatttatgcaccattaactg
gagaatacgtgaaaattgaagatattccagatcctgtattcgcacaaaaaatgatgggcgaaggttttgg
tattaatccaactgaaggagaagttgtgtctccaattgcaggacgtgttgacaatgtctttccaactaag
catgcgattgggttaaaagcagataacggattagaattattagttcatatcggtttagacacagttcaat
tagacggtgaaggatttgaagtgttagtgtctagtggtgacgaagttaacgtcggagatccattagtaag
attcaaccttgaatttattaataataacgctaaatctgttatttcaccaattataattacaaacactgat
caagcagcttcaattaatatttatgatgaaaatgctgtgattaaaggtgaaacaaaagtgattgatgtga
caatgaactaa
>Potential gene 15:14597..14818, 222 bp
atgaaaaactattcgttttatcaatttgtcatgacagttcgtggtcgacacgacgataaaggtcgtctag
cagaagagatatttgacgatcttgctttcccaaaacacgatgatgattttaacatactgtctgattatat
tgagacacatggtgatttcacattgccaatgtctgtatttgatgatttatatgaagaatatacggaatgg
ctaaaattttaa
>Potential gene 16:15007..16497, 1491 bp
atggatgataagcaacacacatcttcatccgatgatgaacgcgctgaaattgcaacaagcaatcaagacc
aacaaactaattcatcgaaacgcgttcacttaaaacgttggcaattcatatcaattttaattggtacaat
cctaataacagctgtcatcacagttgttgcatatatttttataaatcaaaaaataagtggtttaaacaaa
actgatcaagcaaacttaaataaaattgaaaatgtgtataaaatcttaaatagtgattattacaaaaaac
aggactctgacaagttaagtaaagctgcaattgatggcatggtcaaagaattaaaagatccttattctga
atatttaacaaaagaacaaacgaaatcctttaatgaaggtgtttcaggtgattttgtaggtattggtgca
gaaatgcaaaagaaaaatgatcaaattatggttactagtcctatgaagggatctccagcagaacgtgctg
gcattcgtcctaaagatgtcattactaaagtaaatggaaaatcaattaaaggtaaagcattagatgaagt
tgtcaaagatgttcgtggtaaagaaaacactgaagtaactttaactgttcaacgaggcagtgaagaaaaa
gacgttaagattaaacgtgaaaaaattcatgttaaaagtgttgagtataagaaaaaagataaggttggag
ttattactattaataaattccagaatgatacatcaggtgaattgaaagatgcagttcttaaagctcacaa
agatggtttgaaaaagattgttttagatttaagaaataatcctggtggactactagatgaagctgttaaa
atggcaaatatttttatcgataaaggaaaaactgttgttaaactagaaaaaggtaaagatactgaagcaa
ttcaaacttctaatgactcgttaaaagaagcgaaagacatggatatatccatcttagtgaatgaaggttc
agctagcgcttctgaagtatttactggtgcgctaaaggactataataaagctaaagtttatgggtcaaaa
acattcggtaaaggtgtcgtacaaactacaagagagtttaaggacggttcattgttaaaatatactgaaa
tgaaatggttaacgccagatggtcattatattcacggtaaaggcattaaaccagacgttactattgacac
acctaaatatcaatctttaaatgtcattcctaatacgaaaacatttaaagttggagacgatgataaaaat
attaaaactattaaaattggtttatcagctttaggttataaagttgataatgaatcaacgcaatttgatc
aagctttagaaaatcaagttaaagctttccaacaaacgaataaactcgaggtaactggtgaatttaataa
agaaacgaataataaatttactgagttattagttgaaaaagctaataaacatgatgatgttctcgataaa
ttgattaatattttaaaataa
>Potential gene 17:16894..17403, 510 bp
atgatccgtctaggtaaaatgtcagatttagatcaaatcttaaatctagtagaagaagcaaaagaattaa
tgaaagaacacgacaacgagcaatgggacgatcagtacccacttttagaacattttgaagaagatattgc
taaagattatttgtacgtattagaggaaaataacaaaatatatggttttattgttgtcgaccaagaccaa
gcagaatggtatgatgacattgactggccagtaaatagagaaggcgcctttgttattcatcgattaactg
gttcgaaagaatataaaggagctgctacagaattattcaattatgttattgatgtagttaaagcacgtgg
tgcagaagttattttaacggacacctttgcgttaaacaaacctgcacaaggtttatttgccaaatttgga
tttcataaggtcggtgaacaattaatggaatatccgccatatgataaaggtgaaccattttatgcatatt
ataaaaatttaaaagaatag
>Potential gene 18:17415..18485, 1071 bp
atgaagaaaatcgcatttaccggagggggaacagttggacacgtatcagtaaatttaagtttaattccaa
ctgcattatcacaaggttatgaagcgctttatattggttctaaaaatggtattgaaagagaaatgattga
atcacaactaccagaaattaagtattatcctatttcaagtggtaaattaagaagatatatttctttagaa
aatgccaaagacgtatttaaagtattgaaaggtattcttgatgctcgtaaagttttgaaaaaagaaaaac
ctgatctattattttcaaaaggtggatttgtatctgtgccagttgttattgcagccaaatcattaaatat
accaactattattcatgaatctgacttaacaccaggattagcgaataagatagcacttaaatttgccaag
aaaatatatacaacatttgaagaaacgctaaactacctacctaaagagaaagctgattttattggagcaa
caattcgagaagatttaaaaaatggtaatgcacataatggttatcaattaacaggctttaatgaaaataa
aaaagtgttactcgttatgggtggaagcttaggaagtaaaaaattaaatagcattattcgcgaaaactta
gatgcattattacaacaatatcaagtgatacatttaactggtaaaggattaaaagatgctcaagttaaaa
aatcaggatatatacaatatgaatttgttaaagaggaattaacagatttattagcaattacggacacagt
aataagtagagctggatcaaatgcgatttatgagttcttaacattacgtataccaatgttattagtacca
ttaggtttagatcaatcccgaggcgaccaaattgacaatgcaaatcattttgctgataaaggttatgcta
aagcgattgatgaagaacaattaacagcacaaattttattacaagaactaaatgaaatggaacaggaaag
aactcgaattatcaataatatgaaatcgtatgaacaaagttatacgaaagaagctttatttgataagatg
attaaagacgcattgaattaa
>Potential gene 19:18502..19116, 615 bp
atgagtcaatggaaacgtatctctttgctcatcgtttttacattggtttttggaattatcgcgtttttcc
acgaatcaagacttgggaaatggattgataatgaagtttatgagtttatatattcatcagagagctttat
tacgacatctatcatgcttggagctactaaagtaggtgaagtctgggcaatgttatgtatttcattactt
cttgtggcatatctcatgttaaagcgccacaaaattgaagcattattttttgcattaacaatggcactat
ctggaattttgaatccagtactaaaaaatatattcgatagagaaagacctacattgctgcgtttaattga
tataacaggatttagttttcctagcggtcatgctatgggatcaactgcatattttggaagtggtatctat
ctattaaaacgattaaatcaaggtaattcaaaaggtattcttatagggttatgtgcagctatgattttat
tgatttccatatcacgtgtatatctaggtgtgcattatccaacagatattattgccggtattattggtgg
cgtattttgcattattttatcaacgttattacttagaaataaattaatcaattaa
>Potential gene 20:19233..19433, 201 bp
atgaccaatccaacaagaacgaaacgttgtgggggggatgttctatgtggtattgataatcattttcaac
tactattatacattagtgagaatcattgtcaattagaaactaaaactttttttgaatattttttaagaat
agtaaataaaacgcatgattacgctattttagaaaataaaaaaatttgtatttctcattag
>Potential gene 21:19904..20641, 738 bp
atgacgcaaattttaatagtagaagatgaacaaaacttagcaagatttcttgaattggaactcacacatg
aaaattacaatgtggacactgagtatgatggacaagacggtttagataaagcgcttagccattactatga
tttaatcatattagatttaatgttgccttcaattaatggcttagaaatttgtcgcaaaattagacaacaa
caatctacacctatcattataattacagcgaaaagtgacacgtatgacaaagttgctgggcttgattacg
gtgcagacgattatatagttaagccatttgatattgaagaacttttagcaagaattcgtgcgattttacg
tcgtcagccacaaaaggatattatcgatgttaacggtattacaattgataagaatgcttttaaagtgacg
gtaaatggcgcagaaattgaattaacaaaaacagagtatgatttactatatcttctagctgaaaataaaa
accatgttatgcaacgggaacaaattttaaatcatgtatggggttataatagtgaagtagaaacaaatgt
cgtagatgtttatataagatatttacgaaacaaattaaaaccatacgatcgtgacaaaatgattgaaaca
gttcgtggcgttgggtatgtgatacgatgacaaaacgtaaattgcgcaataactggattattgttaccac
gatgattacgtttgtcacgatatttttgttttgtttaa
>Potential gene 22:20560..21915, 1356 bp
atgacaaaacgtaaattgcgcaataactggattattgttaccacgatgattacgtttgtcacgatatttt
tgttttgtttaattattatctttttcttgaaagatacactgcataatagtgagcttgatgatgcagaacg
aagctcaagcgatattaataatttatttcattctaagactgttaaagatatatctgcattagacttgaat
gcatctttaggtaattttcaagagattattatttatgatgaacataataataaattatttgagacatcga
atgataacacagtgagagttgaaccaggttatgaacaccgttattttgaccgcgtaataaaaaaacgcta
taaaggcattgaatatttaattattaaagaaccaatcacaacgcaagatttcaaagggtatagcttgtta
attcattcactagaaaattatgataacatcgtaaaatcattgtatatcattgcgctcgcatttggagtga
ttgcaacaattataactgccacaatcagttatgtattttcaactcaaattactaaaccgcttgtcagttt
atcaaataaaatgattgagattcgacgagatggatttcaaaataaattgcaattaaatacaaattatgaa
gaaatagataatctagcaaatacgtttaatgagatgatgagccaaattgaagaatcatttaatcaacaaa
gacaatttgttgaagatgcatcacatgaattacgaacaccattacaaattattcaaggtcatttaaattt
gattcagcgatggggaaaaaaagatccagcagtattagaagaatcgttaaatatttctattgaagaaatg
aatcgtatcataaaattagtcgaagaattacttgaattgactaaaggagatgtaaatgacatttcttctg
aagcgcagaccgtgcatattaatgatgaaattcgctcgcgaatacactcattaaaacaattacatcctga
ttatcaatttgatacggatctgacatctaaaaatttagaaattaaaatgaagcctcatcaatttgaacaa
ttatttttaatctttattgataatgcaatcaaatatgatgtgaagaataagaaaattaaagttaagacaa
ggttaaaaaataagcaaaaaataattgaaattacagatcatggaattggtattccagaggaagatcaaga
tttcatttttgatcgcttttatcgagtggataaatctcgttcaagaagtcaaggcggtaatggactcgga
ttatctattgctcaaaaaatcattcaattaaacggtggatcgattaaaattaaaagtgaaattaacaaag
gaacaacgtttaaaatcatattttaa
>Potential gene 23:22440..25238, 2799 bp
atgactaacgaaagaaaagaagtttcagaggctcctgtaaacttcggtgcgaatttaggtctaatgttag
atctatatgatgactttttacaagatccatcatctgtaccagaagatttacaagtcttattcagcacaat
taagaatgatgactcaattgtaccagctttaaaaagtacaagtagtcaaaatagcgacggcacaattaaa
cgtgtcatgcgtttaattgataatattcgccaatacgggcatcttaaagccgatatttatcctgtaaatc
ctccgaaaaggaaacatgtacctaaattagagattgaagactttgatttagatcaacagactttggaagg
tatatcagcaggaattgtttcagatcactttgccgacatttatgataatgcttatgaagcaattttaaga
atggaaaaacgttacaaaggaccaattgcatttgagtatacacatattaataacaataccgaacgtggtt
ggttaaaaagaagaattgaaacgccatataaagtaacgttaaataacaacgaaaaaagggcactatttaa
acaattagcgtatgttgaagggttcgaaaaatatcttcataaaaacttcgttggtgcaaagcgtttttca
attgaaggggtagacgcactcgtaccgatgttacaacgtactattacgattgctgcgaaagaaggtatta
aaaatatacaaataggcatggctcaccgtggacgtttaaacgttttaacgcatgtcttagaaaaaccgta
cgaaatgatgatttcagaatttatgcatacagatccaatgaaattcttacctgaagatggtagcttgcag
ttaactgctggatggactggtgatgtgaaatatcaccttggtggcattaaaactactgattcatacggta
caatgcagcgtattgcactggctaacaatccaagtcacttggaaattgttgcacctgttgttgaggggcg
tacgagagcagcacaagatgatacacaacgtgctggggctccgacgactgatcatcataaagcaatgcca
attattatacatggcgatgctgcttatcctggtcaaggaattaacttcgaaacaatgaacttaggaaact
tgaaaggctattctacgggtggttcattgcatattattactaacaatagaattggatttactacagaacc
aattgatgcacgttcaacaacttattctacagatgtggccaaaggttatgatgtgccaatattccatgtc
aatgctgatgacgttgaagctactattgaagcaattgatattgcaatggaatttagaaaagagtttcata
aagacgtcgttattgatttagtaggttatcgtcgtttcggtcataacgaaatggatgaaccatcaattac
taatccagttccttatcagaatattcgcaaacatgactctgttgaatatgtgtttggtaaaaagcttgtt
aatgaaggtgtcatttcagaagatgaaatgcattcatttatagaacaagtccaaaaggaactaagacaag
cacatgataaaattaataaagctgataaaatggataatccagatatggaaaaacctgcagaacttgcatt
accgttacaagcagacgaacaatcatttacgtttgatcatttgaaagaaataaatgatgcattgttaaca
tatccggatggctttaacattttgaaaaagttaaacaaagttcttgagaagcgtcatgagccgtttaata
aagaggatggcttagttgattgggcacaagcagaacaacttgcatttgcgacaattttacaagatggtac
accgattcgcttaactggtcaagatagtgaacgtggtacattcagtcataggcatgccgtgttacatgat
gagcaaacaggtgaaacatatacacctttacatcatgttcctgatcaaaaagcgacatttgatatacaca
attctccgctttcagaagcagcagtagttggttttgaatacggctataatgtggaaaacaaaaaaagctt
caatatttgggaagcgcaatatggtgattttgcaaatatgtcacaaatgatttttgacaacttcttattc
agttctcgctcaaaatggggagaacgttcaggattaacattattcttacctcatgcatatgagggtcaag
gtcctgaacattcatcagcaagattagagcgatttttacaattagctgctgaaaataattgcacagttgt
caacttatctagttcaagtaattatttccacttattgcgtgcacaagcagctagtttagattctgaacaa
atgcgaccattggttgttatgtcaccaaaaagcttactgagaaataaaacagttgcaaaaccaattgatg
aatttacttctggtggatttgagccaattttgacagaatcatatcaagcggataaggttacaaaagttat
tttagcaactggtaaaatgttcattgatttaaaagaagcattagctaaaaatccagacgaatcagtgtta
ctcgttgcgattgaaagattgtatccattcccagaggaagagattgaagcattactagcacaattgccaa
accttgaagaagtgtcatgggtacaagaagaacctaaaaatcaaggtgcatggttatatgtctatccata
tgttaaagtgctagttgcagataaatatgatttaagttatcatggcagaattcaaagggctgctccagct
gaaggcgatggagaaattcataaacttgttcaaaataaaattatagaaaatgcattaaaaaataactag
>Potential gene 24:25252..26520, 1269 bp
atgccagaggttaaagttccagaattagcagaatctattacagaaggtaccattgcagaatggttgaaaa
acgtaggggatagcgtagaaaaaggtgaagctattcttgaattagaaactgataaagttaatgtcgaagt
tgtatctgaagaagcaggtgtattatctgaacaacttgcaagtgaaggcgacactgtagaagttgggcaa
gcaattgctatcatcggcgaaggtagtggcaatgcttctaaagaaaatagtaacgacaatactccacaac
aaaatgaagaaacaaataataaaaaagaagaaacaacaaataattcggtagataaagctgaagtcaatca
agcaaatgatgacaatcagcaacgtattaatgctacgccttctgcgcgtcgatatgctcgtgaaaatggt
gtcaatcttgctgaagtaagtccaaaaacaaatgatgtggttcgtaaagaagatattgataagaaacaac
aggcaccggcatcaacacaaacaacacaacaagcacctgcaaaagaagagaaaaaatacaatcaatatcc
tacaaaaccagtgattcgtgaaaaaatgtcacgcagaaagaaaacagctgccaaaaaattattagaggta
tctaataatacagctatgttaacaacatttaacgaagttgacatgacaaatgttatggaattgcgtaaac
gtaagaaagaacaatttatgaaagatcatgatggtactaaattaggatttatgtcattctttactaaagc
ttcagtagcagctttgaaaaagtatccagaagttaatgcagaaatcgacggcgacgacatgattacgaaa
caatattatgatattggtgtagctgtttctacagatgatggattattagtaccatttgtaagagattgtg
ataaaaagaattttgcagaaatcgaagcagaaattgctaatttagctgttaaagcacgagagaaaaaact
tggcttagatgatatggttaatggttcatttacgattacaaatggcggtatttttggatcaatgatgagt
acgccaattatcaatggtaatcaagctgcaatcttaggcatgcattcaattattacaagaccaattgcga
ttgatcaagatacaatcgaaaatcgtccaatgatgtatattgcattaagctatgatcatagaattattga
cggtaaagaagcagttggattcttaaaaacaattaaagaattaattgaaaacccagaagacttattatta
gaatcttaa
