
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:33..1874, 1842 bp
atgaaaacattgagtgatttaacgaagcaagcttgcgataattttgtgtcacgttatacgagtgaggttg
atagcatatctttaaaagaatcagagcttgaagaagatatcagatcattaagtcaacaaattacgcgata
tgaaaatttgaataacaatttgaaaaagcatgcttccgataatcagcaagccatttcatcgaaccaacaa
ataatacgaacattaggtcaacaaaaacatgaattagaagagaagctacgcaaattgcgtgagtttaatc
aaaaatcaccagaaatatttaaagaagttgaagaatttcaaaaaattgtccaacaaggacttacccaagc
gcagaatttttggaacttttcaacaaatcaatttaatattccttcaggtaaagaacttgattgggccaaa
gcaagtcatgaaaaatatttgaaagttgctatggggaaaattgaacataaagcagagaaagaaactttaa
ataaagcagactttgctgttataaaggcatatgccaaagaacatccagaagacgatatcccgaaaagtat
attgaaatatataaatgacaataaagacagtattaaaagagatataggattagatattacgtcaacactt
ttagagcaaggcggtataaatgcaagtaaattcggtgtatttatcaatacagcaggtggagtgaaaggcc
cagcaggtccaaattcatttgtggaagtcaaacgtacatcaggtaatgtgtttatagaaaatggtagtaa
atttgcaaaaggcggaaaatacctaggtaaaggtgttgctggtgtaggatttggtataggtatgtatgat
gaccttgcaaatgatgataaaacatttggagaggcgttgtcgcataatggtatgacgcttgcagctggat
ctgcagggacagcagttggagctggattagcgacttttgttttaggaagtaatccagtaggatgggtgat
tttagcaggtttggctatgagtacagtatttgcattaggaacagatttaatttatcaaaataatattttt
ggattaaaagataaagtagactgggtagggcataaaatcgataatagtatagatgttgttaaaaaaacta
cagaaaaatccatggatagtgttgggaatgctgttagtgaagctaaaaatattattagcaatcatataaa
tccaatgaaatgggcgtggtgagttttgctttttaatattaaggttattaataaaaatccgagatataaa
gtcgttcaatataatgatgagtatttgttaattgatttagtaagcacttggcttgtatacttttttcctt
ttattaattggttcattcccaaaaggtatgcaaaacttagtgagaaggaacttgaaaatttaaatgttga
taaacaaaataaaaataatattttctggccagttactggtagttcgtttttatttgtagttattttacgg
aaatatgtacatacgtttgaagttcaattagataataagattttaatatctttatgttttataggattta
taggtattgcagcattttacatttacttaaataaaaagcttaaactaaagatatatgatgataatctaga
taatgaaaatagggttatattagtgcctacttttaaagatggaagttttatagttttcacatatctatta
ttaggaggttgttctatattatttttaatatggctaatgactataaaacctcaaaatctactggtattta
ttatgtggattattattacaatttttttctttctaataagcatgggctcaattagtaataaaaaggttta
tgccaaacttaaaaagcaatag
>Potential gene 2:2081..2641, 561 bp
atgattgatttagtaagcacctggttagttttgttctttccgtttattaattggttaataccaaaaaaat
atgtccaaatcagcagagaagattttgataatttaaatattgtcaaaccagttaaaaataaagctttatg
gccagctataggtagcatacttttatttggcactatgtttagagataaaatatatatacctgattctcat
ttagaaaaaaattgcgttattatcatttgttcggttttattattaagtattctagtgttttatatatatt
taaatcagaaagtaaagttatctatctataatgatcggagtagcaatggaaaaattatgatttttccatc
attcaagaatctttgctttgtactattttcttattttttctgtggtggattatcaatcatgttcttagat
gttttgattagtttatctatccaaaatattatagtatttattgcttgggttattatgacaatgctatttt
tctttataaatatgtcttcaataatagacaaaaagattcatgttatatatttaaggtcatataaatatta
a
>Potential gene 3:2801..3358, 558 bp
atggtcgatgtaataagaacttggcttgtatacttttttccatttattaattggttcattccaaaaaggt
gcgccaaaattagtagagaagagtatgaaaaactgaacactgttaagccagttaaaaataaaaatttttg
gcctgttgtaggaggaacaatcctactaggtgctacttccagaaagtacatacacttacttaatattcaa
ttagaaaaaagatcggttatatttatatgcttcgttgtatttctatgtattttaatcttttttgtgcttc
tgaatcgaaaattaaaattgaaagttttcgataataaaaaagaagaacaaaaaataattttagtaccaac
attaaaaaatgctgttcttatattatatggctatttgttgattggaggcatgtcaatattagctttaagc
atgttgctgacattagaaaaccagaatttaataacttttatagcttggggtatggggttaatgttgtttt
tcttgatgaatataacactcattgtcaataaaacagtcaaagttataaaaaggtgaataaataactaa
>Potential gene 4:3493..4050, 558 bp
atggttgatttagtaagtacttggattgcttattttttgcccatgattaattggtttattcccaaaaagt
acgcgaaaattagtagagaagaatttgaaagtttaaatattgtcaaacccgctaaaaataatactttctg
gcctgttgcaggatttgcagtgttattaacaaccttaacaagaaaatatatctatttgcttaacatccat
ttagaaaaagaaatagttatattaacatgctgtatgatacttctaggtgttttcgcattgtttatatata
taaatacaaaattgaagttacatatttttgataaaaataaaagtaataacgaaaagatcatattaatacc
tacatttaaaaatatttgtttatccttatttgcttatatattatttggtggattgtcaacaatggctctg
agtatgttagtaacttcatcccctcaaaatataatagaatttcttgctttaattggcatgactgcatgct
tctttctactgaatatgtcatcggttctagataaaaaaattcatgttattttaaaaacaaataagtag
>Potential gene 5:4246..4866, 621 bp
atgctatgcgaatctaaaatcatcaataaaaaccccaaatatagaattattaaatataatgatgagtact
taatgatcgatataataagcacttggattagtttattttttccttttattaattggttcatccccaaaag
atacgtcaaaattagtagagaagagtttgaaaatttaaatattgtgaaacctgctaaaaagaatgttttt
tggccagttgcaggtatctctactttattcgcagttacattaagaaagtatacacatttacttgacactc
aacttgatagaaaattagttattgctatatgttgtatcacatttatagggattttaacattttatgtacg
cctaattaaaaaatcatctttaaatatttataatactaaaaataaaaggtcaaaaattatcttaatacca
acactaaaaaatttttgtttaacattgtttagatatgctttttttattttatggacagtgattttctcat
atgctctattatcaatgagttatcaaaacataatagtatattttgcttggattacagcaataatgggttt
ttttctagtgaatatagctttaattatagataaaaacattcatgtcatacttaaaaattaa
>Potential gene 6:5078..5638, 561 bp
atgattgatttggcaagtaattggattgtcttcttctttccatttattaactggctcataccgaaaacat
atgtcaaaatcactaagaatgattatgaaaaattaaatattgtcaaaccagttaaaaataaatcgatagg
atggaccatattcgcgggtattgtgttacttggtggtactgtaagaagaaatacttatttatttgatttt
caattagaagaactaattgtttggagcagctgtttcattgggtttttagagattatatttttttattgtt
atctaaataagaaattaacattaaatatttataatgaaagtaaaaataatgaacttaaattaagattatt
accctcctttaaaaatatttgtttcacaattttttattacctatttactggtttcatgtcttatggggca
ttttacttgttggtatttgaaaatgtgcaaaatttaatcttatatgtttcttggcttttcatgactatgc
tatttatgtttatgaatatgcattcaattatagataaaaaagtacatatattcttaaagtctaataaata
g
>Potential gene 7:6003..6314, 312 bp
atgttaatagggatgttaattttttatttttatctaaataaaaaattaacattaaaaatttttaatacca
acgtggttaataagaatagagttgtattaataccgactttcaaacaaggattgttaatagtttttgcgta
cttttttttaggaagcgcttcaatatttactttaaccattcttttgacgacagagtcacaaaatataata
atatttttaacttgggttattatcacgatgtttttctttttagtgaatatggcttcgataggtaataaaa
atgttcatgttattttaagaataaacgagtag
>Potential gene 8:6767..8161, 1395 bp
atgttgctttgcgatgtcagagtcatttataaaaatccgaaatacaaagtcattcaacataacggtgaat
acttattagtcgatttagtaagcacttggttcgtgtacttttttcctttcattaattggttcattccaaa
aaagtacgcgataattagcgaagaagaatttgaaaatttaaatgttgttaaaccaaataaaaataatgtt
ttctggtcagttataggaagttcggttttgtttggagttactttaaggaaatacatacatgtttttgatg
ttcaattagataagctagttgtaatgatattgtgtgctctcgctttaatttgtgttatagttttttattt
taacttaaatagaaagcttaagttaaaagtgtttgatacaaatattgaaaaaaataagagagttatatta
ataccaacgtttaaacttggctgttttttagttttcggatatattttcgctggaagtttttcaatatttt
cattaattgcccttatgacaatcgaacctcaaaatataataatatttatttattggattatgatgacaat
gcttttctttttgttaaatatgacttcgataggtaatgaaaaagttcgcgttataatgaaaaataattga
ttacatttaaaatattctaaatgttgtcgacacaatccttttaagacgctagtagaatttaaatgacttc
taatgtatatgaaagtgtatcaatataaaaccaattgaaaagaagtggagacattgctttgtgaaactga
aaatattaataagaatcccaaatatagaattatcaaatacaaagatgaatatttgatgattgatttagta
agtacatggttagcactctttttcccaatgattaattggctgattccaaaaaagtacgtcaaaatcagcg
aaaaagattttgaaactttaaacattgtgaagacagctaaaatcaattctttttggccagtggcaggaag
tacggtcttatttggtgttatgttaagaaggtattcccatttatttatcgttaaatatgaatgtagtata
gtaattttaatttgttgcatcataatactaggtatttttctgttttttttatatttaaatcaaaagttaa
agttacaaatctataatgaaaacaaaaataaaagcaataagataatcatatttcccactttaaagagtct
ttgtttatcaatagttttatatatttatttaggtggtggttcattctttactatttatatgttattgacg
attgaagttcaaaatataatattatttataactttgtttgtaatatttttgtttttcttatttttaaata
tgtgctcactatatgacaataaagttcatgtattatttaaatcaaatggaattgaaaagttttaa
>Potential gene 9:8270..8920, 651 bp
atgattgatttagtaagtacctggttaactttatttcttcctatgattaattggttaattccaaaaaaat
atgtcaaaatcagtaaaaaagaatttgacgatttaaacattgtcaaacctgttaaaaataaagctttttg
gccagttgcaggtagtactattttgttcggagttacgtttagaaaatatattccttcacttaatattcaa
ttagagaaaaacatggtgattgtaatatgttgtgcaatatttctgggtgttttaatactttttttatttc
tgaatcgtaagctaaggttggaaatttataataataactctagtaaagggaaaataattttatttccttc
attaaaaaacttttgtttcacaatattttattattttttatttggcggtctttcaataatggctctaagt
atgttattaactttaaatcctcaaaatataataggctttattggttggttggtaatgactgcaggtttct
ttctgttaaacatgtcatcgattattgacaaaaaaatttatgtattatctaaaactaacacggtggaaaa
atgatggtttagctggatttactgcaggttctatttcggcaatacttgtatattggaccaatcaaaaaaa
tgaatttggaataaaagataa
>Potential gene 10:8860..9387, 528 bp
atgcaacatatggcaataactaattttttatcaagttgaatgtcaagtaaatgtgtatattttcttaatg
caactcccagcaaagcagagctacctgcaactggccaaaaaacattctttttagcaggtttaacaatatt
taagttttcaaactcttctctactaattttgacgtattcttttgggatgaaccaattaataaaaggaaaa
aataaactaatccaagtgcttattatatcgaccattaagtattcatcattatatttaataattctatatt
ttgggtttttattgatgattttagattcgcatagcaacatttaccagctccatttcttagggcttatatg
attagaaatactttttgaagcttcaccatgacattttcaacaccatctactgttttttctgcagattttt
ctacagcatctataccaacgtctagtttatgtcctatccaatcgtttttatcttttattccaaattcatt
tttttgattggtccaatatacaagtattgccgaaatag
>Potential gene 11:9068..9694, 627 bp
atgttgctatgcgaatctaaaatcatcaataaaaacccaaaatatagaattattaaatataatgatgaat
acttaatggtcgatataataagcacttggattagtttattttttccttttattaattggttcatcccaaa
agaatacgtcaaaattagtagagaagagtttgaaaacttaaatattgttaaacctgctaaaaagaatgtt
ttttggccagttgcaggtagctctgctttgctgggagttgcattaagaaaatatacacatttacttgaca
ttcaacttgataaaaaattagttattgccatatgttgcatcacatttatagggattttaatattttatgt
acgcctaattaaaaaatcatctttaaatatttataatactaaaaataaaaggtcaaaaatttttttaata
cctacactaaaaaatgtttgtttcacattatttggatatattttatttggcggattgactatgctattcc
tagatgcactattatcaatgagttatcaaaacataatagtatattttgtttggattgcagttataatggg
tttttttctagttaatatagctttaattatagataaaaacattcatgtcatacttaaaaaccaatag
>Potential gene 12:9964..10902, 939 bp
atgaagcaatttgtaaacttaggtaaatctgatgttgaagtgtttccaatcgcacttgggacgaacgcag
taggtgggcataatttatatccgaacttagatgaagaacaaggaaaagatgttgttcgtcaagccattaa
tcatggtattaatttattagatacggcatatatttatgggccagaacgatcagaagaattggttggagaa
gttgttaaagaatatccgcgagagcaaattaaaattgctacgaaagggtctcatgaatttgatgaaaatc
aagaagtacatcagaacaatcaaccggaatatttaaaacaacaagttgagaatagtttgaaacgtctaca
aactgattatatcgatttatattatattcattttccggataacaacactccgaaagatcaagcagttgca
gcattacaagagcttaaggaacaagggaagattaaagcaattggtgtatcaaatttcacattagatcaac
ttaaagaagcaaataaagatggttacgttgatgttgtacagttagaatataatttattgcatcgcgaaaa
tgaggcagtattacaatattgtgttgatcaccaaatcacatttattccatatttcccattagcatccggt
attttagctggaaaatatgatgagaacactaaatttagtgaccatcgtactacacgtcgtgattttaaac
caggtgtatttgaagaaaatgtgcgtcgcgtaaaagctttggaaagcatagctgcagcacatcaaacttc
aattgcgaacattgtattagcattttatttaacgagaccagctatcgatgtgattattcctggtgcaaaa
cgtgcagaacaagtcgttgaaaatattaaagctgcagatatcgttttatcagatgatgagattcaatata
tcgatgaactgtttccgattgaagactaa
>Potential gene 13:11113..11649, 537 bp
atgattactgttttgtttggtgggagtagaccaaacggtaatactgcacaattaacaaaattcgctttgc
aagatttagagtatcaatggattgacgtgacacaacatcagtttaaaccgatacgtgacgtgagacatac
agcagagactattacttcatatgacgatgactatttgccgattctagataaaatattggctagtgataca
attatttttgcatcaccagtgtattggtatagcatttcagcaccattgaaagcatttatcgaacattggt
cagaaacattacaagataaacgatatcctaattttaaggcacaaatggccgaaaaggattttagagttat
tttagttggtggagattgtccaaaaataaaagcgaagccagcaattacgcaaatgaaatatagtttagac
tttttaggtgccactttaaatggttatattattggaactgctgaaaagcctggtgacatcatgaaagaca
actatgccttagcacgtgcaactgagtggaatagtatattgcaataa
>Potential gene 14:11818..12294, 477 bp
atgttcaaggtaagacaagcaactgaaaaagatgttgttcaaattagagatgtcgcaactaaagcttggt
ttaatacatacttaaatatatacgctgcgacaacagttaatcacttgttagaagcttcatataatgaaca
tcatttaaagaaaagacttcaagaacaattattcttagtcgttgaagaaggtaatgacatcgttggcttt
gctaactttatttacggtgaagaattatatttatcagctcattatgttaaaccagaatcgcaacatacag
gttatggtacagcattgttaaatgaaggattatcacgttttgaagataaatttgaaggtgtttacttaga
agtagataataaaaatgaagaagcagtagcttactataaagagcaaggttttacaatcttacgctcttat
gagccagaaatgtatggcgaaaagttagacttagcacttatgtacaaagcattttaa
>Potential gene 15:12334..13629, 1296 bp
atgactaacgcatatgtagatttaaaattagtagaagaaaaagtttttaaagacccgatacatcgatata
ttcatgttgaagatcaattgatatgggatttaattaaaactaaggaattccaaaggttacgtcgaattag
acaactaggaacactgtacctatcttttcacacagcagaacatagtcgctttggacattctttaggtgtg
tatgaaatagttagacgattaattgatgagtcatttattggtcatgatgcatgggacaataaagatagac
cgttggcattatgtgctgcattattacatgatttaggacatggtccattttcacatagttttgaaaaaat
atttaatacagaccatgaagcatacacacaagcgattattactggagatactgaggtgaatgctgtatta
cgtaaagtggcgcctgagtttccaagagaagttgcggaagtaattaataaaacgcatcataataaattgg
tcatttcgatgatttcgtcacaaatcgatgcggatagaatggattatttacaacgtgatgcgtatttcac
aggtgtatcatatggtgcttttgatatggagcgtattttaagattaatgcgaccttctaaagatgaagta
ctaatcaaagaaagtggtatgcatgcagttgaaaactttattatgagtcgttatcaaatgtattggcaaa
tttacttccacccagttagtcgtggtggagaagtgctgcttaataattgtttgaaacgcgcaaaacagct
ttataatgaaggctatgaatttaagttgcatccacatgattttattccattttttgaagagacagttacg
attgaacaatatgttgaactcgatgaagcggtagttacgtattatttggaaaaatggacaaaagaagatg
atgctattttaagtgatttagcaagtcgatttattaatcgagacttatttaaatatattccatttgatgg
ctcaattattacaatatcagaactgcaagaactgtttgaagcaggtggtattaatccagattattatttt
gtgagtgaagcattttctgatttgccatatgactatgatcgaccggggtcaaatcgcaaaccgattcatt
tattaagacaagatggtacgattagagaaataagcaatcaatcattagtcattcatagtattacaggcat
taatcgccaagactataaattatattatcctagagaaatggttgcaaagattaaagataagacaattaga
gaagctattgaaaatttgattaatgagcttaattaa
>Potential gene 16:13657..14178, 522 bp
atggaggttatatcattgtctgagaaaaaaggctttaattttaatatcataaaaaatgaccctctagatg
gtcataaaggtacaaatattggttcaattagcttagacaatattgcaccagtttttatcgatgttgctaa
caaagaagcatttattgatattggaggcatgcatgctcgtgccaaagttgaaaaaggtgtgaaatggatt
actgataaagctgctgttgaaggcgatgaagctaaagaatattggttgtgttgggtaacaacagaacgta
atgaacaaggaccatattacgctggtttaacagcgtgctatttattagtgaataaagcaattcgtcgtgg
ttataaaagtatgcctgaacatgttaatatgatggataaatcaatgaaacatcatattatcatagatcaa
attggtgacgagaataaagctattttaaaagactttttaatgaaccatgatgaaggtatgtggaagcatt
cttctgatgctttacatcaagcatttaattaa
>Potential gene 17:14677..15687, 1011 bp
atgagagcagcagttgtaacgaaagatcacaaagtaagtattgaggacaaaaagttaagagctttaaaac
ctggtgaagcgttggtacaaacggaatattgtggcgtttgtcataccgatttacatgttaagaatgctga
ttttggtgatgttacaggcgttactttaggtcatgaaggtattggtaaagtcatcgaagttgcggaagat
gtagaatcattaaaaattggagaccgtgtgtctatcgcttggatgttcgaaagctgtggaagatgtgaat
attgtacaacaggtcgtgaaacactttgccgtagtgtgaaaaatgctggttatacagtagatggtgcaat
ggctgaacaagttattgttactgcagactatgctgtgaaagtacctgaaaaattagatccagcagcagcg
tcttctattacatgcgcaggtgtgacaacttataaagctgtaaaagtaagtaatgtaaaacctggacaat
ggttaggtgtttttggtataggtggtttaggtaacctagctttacaatatgctaaaaacgttatgggggc
taaaattgttgccttcgacatcaatgatgataaattagcattcgcgaaagaattaggtgctgatgctatt
attaattctaaagatgttgatccagttgcagaagttatgaaattaactgataacaaaggattagatgcaa
cagtggtaacttcagttgctaagacgccatttaaccaagcggttgatgttgtaaaagctggtgcaagagt
tgttgccgttggtttacctgttgataaaatgaacttagatatcccaagattagtgcttgatggtattgaa
gtagtaggttcacttgttggtacaagacaagacttacgtgaagcgtttgaatttgctgctgaaaataaag
taacacctaaagttcaattaagaaaattagaagaaatcaatgatatttttgaagaaatggaaaatggtac
tataactggtagaatggttattaaattttaa
>Potential gene 18:16375..18036, 1662 bp
atgaatattattgatcaagtgaaacaaacattagtagaagaaattgcagcaagtattaacaaagcaggat
tagcagatgagattcctgatattaaaattgaagttcctaaagatacaaaaaatggagattatgctactaa
tattgcgatggtactgactaagattgcaaagcgtaatcctcgtgaaattgctcaagcgattgttgataac
ttagatactgaaaaagcacatgtaaaacaaattgacattgctggtccaggattcattaatttttacttag
ataatcagtatttaacagcaattattcctgaagcaattgaaaaaggtgatcaatttggacatgtaaatga
atcaaaaggtcaaaatgtattgcttgagtatgtttcagctaaccctacaggagatttacatattggtcat
gctagaaatgcagcagttggtgatgctttagctaatattttaactgcagctggctataatgtaacacgtg
aatattatattaatgatgctggtaatcaaattactaacttagcgcgttcgattgaaacacgtttctttga
agctttaggtgacaatagttattcaatgccagaagatggctataatggaaaagatattattgaaataggt
aaagatttagcagagaaacaccctgaaattaaagattattctgaagaagcacgtttgaaagaatttagaa
aattaggcgtagaatacgaaatggctaaattgaaaaatgatttagcagagttcaatacgcattttgataa
ttggtttagtgaaacatctttatatgaaaaaggagaaattcttgaagttttagcaaaaatgaaagaatta
ggttatacgtatgaagctgatggcgctacatggttacgtacaactgattttaaagacgacaaagacagag
tattaattaaaaatgacggtacatatacgtatttcttaccagatattgcgtaccacttcgataaagtaaa
acgtggtaatgacattttaatcgatttatttggtgctgatcatcatggttatattaatcgtttgaaagca
tctcttgaaacgtttggtgtagatagtaatcgtttagaaattcaaatcatgcaaatggttcgtttaatgg
aaaatggtaaagaagtgaagatgagtaaacgtactggtaatgcgattacattaagagaaattatggacga
agttggcgttgacgctgcacgttatttcttaactatgcgtagtcctgatagtcactttgattttgatatg
gaattagcgaaagagcaatctcaagacaatccagtttactatgctcaatatgcacatgcgcgtatttgtt
caattttaaaacaagcgaaagagcaaggtattgaagtgactgctgcgaatgattttacaacgattactaa
tgaaaaagcgattgaattgttgaaaaaagtagctgatttcgaacctacaattgaaagtgctgctgagcat
agatcggcacatagaattactaattatattcaagatttagcttctcatttccataaattctataatgctg
aaaaagtgttaacagatgatattgaaaaaacaaaagcacatgttgctatgattgaagcggtcagaattac
attgaaaaatgcattggcaatggtcggtgtaagcgcacctgaatcaatgtaa
>Potential gene 19:18424..19059, 636 bp
atgttaggaactgatgaattatataaagttttatatgaacatctcggaccacaattttggtggcctgctg
ataatgacattgaaatgatgttaggtgcaattttagttcaaaatactagatggcgaaatgcagaaattgc
attgaatcagattaaagaacatacgcattttaatccaaatcatatattagaactacctattgaaacgtta
caatcattgatacattcaagtggcttttataaaagtaaatcactgacgattaaaacattattaacatggt
tagcacgacatcatttcaattatcaagagattaatgagcgatataaaggtggattaagaaaagaattatt
atctttgaaaggtattggaagtgaaacagcagatgtcttacttgtttatatattcggacgtattgaattt
attccagatagctatacaagaaaaatatatgataaattaggatatgaaaacactaaaaattatgatcaat
taaaaaaagtagtcacattaccaaatcattttacaaatcaagatgctaatgaatttcatgctctgttaga
tgtatttggtaaacattactttagagacaaagatataaagaattatgattttttagaaccttactttaaa
aagtaa
>Potential gene 20:19474..20325, 852 bp
atgcttgtcctgagtggctgtggtatgaaagataatgataaacaaggtagcaatgataatggctcgtcta
aatcgccgtaccatagaattgtttcgttaatgcctagtaatactgaaattttatatgaattaggattagg
taaatacatagttggtgtttcaacggttgatgattatccaaaagatgtgaaaaagggtaagaaacaattt
gatgctttgaatctaaataaagaggaacttttaaaggcaaagccagatctaattcttgcgcatgagtcgc
aaaaggcaactgctaataaagtattgtcatcattagagaaacaaggcatcaaagtagtgtatgttaaaga
tgcacaatcaattgatgaaacttacaacacatttaagcaaattgggaaattaacgcatcatgataagcag
gctgaacaacttgttgaggaaactaaagataatatcgataaagtcatagattcaattcctgctcatcata
aaaaatcaaaagtatttattgaggtttcatcaaagcctgaaatatatacagcagggaagcatacattttt
taatgatatgttagaaaaattagaagcccaaaatgtgtatagtgacattaatggttggaaccctgtaacg
aaggaaagtattattaaaaagaacccagatatattaatttcgacggaagctaagacaagatcagattata
tggatatcatcaaaaaaagaggtggattcaataaaattaatgctgtcaagaatacacgtattgaagttgt
aaatggtgatgaagtatcaagaccaggtccacgtattgatgaaggattaaaagaattaagagatgcaatt
tatagaaaataa
>Potential gene 21:20437..21423, 987 bp
atgaatgtaattatcgatgaaagaaaagagaatgctatgacatttaataaagtattattgagctggatag
tcatattgattataacaactagcatatatctattttggcagttgggcgatatcaatgatgtatttaacca
gtctattttaatcaatgttagattaccgagattattagaagcattgttgacaggtatgatattaactgtt
gcaggccttatatttcaaacagttttaaataatgcattggcagatagctttacattaggattggcaagcg
gcgctacatttggttcaggattagcattatttttaggtttaacaacgttatggattcctgtattttcaat
aacatttagtttgataacattaataactgtattagtcattacgtcggtattgagccaaggctatccagtt
agaatcttaatattaagtggtttaatgattggtgcgttattcaattcacttctatattttttgattttat
taaaacctcgcaaattaaatacaattgccaattatctgtttggtggttttggtgatgcagaatactcaaa
tgtatctataatagcaatcacatttatcattgcattgtttggtatatttatcattcttaatcaactaaag
ttattgcaattaggagaactaaaaagtcagtcactaggcttaaatgttcaattgattacatatatcgcgt
tatgtatagcttctatgataacggcgataaatgtcgcatatgttggcatcattggattcattggtatggt
gataccgcaactcattagaaaatggcagtggaaacaatcattaggaagacaattggctttaaatattgta
actggaggacaaataatggttatggcagattttattggtagccatatattgtcaccagtacaaataccgg
caagtattatcattgcattaattggtataccagtgttattttacatgctaatatctcagtcgaaacggtt
acactag
>Potential gene 22:21478..22197, 720 bp
atggatttgaatcaaattaaagcagttgtatttgatttagaaggtacgttgttggacagagttaaatctc
gagagaaatttatcgaagagcaatatgaacgatttcatgactacttaattcatgttcaactggcagattt
taaaaaagcatttattgagctagatgacgatgaagataatgataaacctgatttatataaagaaatcatt
aaacgtttccatgtagataggttaacttggaaagacttatttaatgattttgaaatgcatttttatcgtt
atgtatttccttattacgatactttgtatacactagaaaagctatcgcaaaaaggctttcaaattggtgt
tatcgcaaatggtaaatctaagattaaacaatttcgattacattcacttggtttgatgcatgttattaat
tatttatcaacatcagaaacagttggttttcgtaaaccacatcctaaaatttttgaagatatgattgatc
aactaggggtattacctgagcaaattatgtatgttggcgatgatgcgttaaatgatgtagctccagcacg
agctatgggcatggttagtgtatggtataaacaagaagatgctgaaattgaaccactcgaagaagaagtt
gattttacaattacaacagtggaagaattattaaccattttaccaataaaaaatgataataaaggagaaa
attatggatctatttactag
>Potential gene 23:22160..22981, 822 bp
atgataataaaggagaaaattatggatctatttactagaaaagatggaacatcgatacattacagtacat
taggtgaaggctatcctatcgtattgattcatactgtacttgataattattctgtgtttaataaattagc
agcagaattagcaaaatcatttcaagttgtgttaattgatttacgtggacatggctattctgataaacct
cgtcacattgaaataaaagatttttctgatgacattgttgaattacttaaatatttatatattgaagaag
ttgcatttgtatgccatgaaatgggtggaatcattggtgcggatatttcagtacgttatcctgaatttac
atcatcacttacgttggtaaatccaacatctattgaaggtgaattaccggaagaacgtttatttagaaaa
tatgcccatattattcgaaactgggatcctgaaaaacaagataaatttttaaataagcgtaagtattatc
gtccgagaaaaatgaatcgattcctcaaacatgtcgtagatacaaatgaaatatcaactaaagaagaaat
tcaagcagttaaagaggtattcaaaaacgctgatatttctcaaacttatagaaatgtcgtagtaccgaca
aaaattattgcaggagaattcggtgaaagaacaacaagattagaagctaaagaagtagctgatttaatcc
aaaatgcggactttgaagtatatcaagaatcaagtgcattcccatttgttgaagagcaagaaagattcgt
cgaagatacagctgcatttatcaacaaacatcacgatgaaaagcatgtttaa
>Potential gene 24:23117..23623, 507 bp
atgaaaaagctactaacggcaagtataattgcatgttctgttgtaatgggagtaggcttagtgaacacta
gtgccgaagcagcaagtggcaactctattgatactgttaaacaattaattaagggtgatcagtcattaga
aaatgtgaaaattggcgaatctattaaagatgttttaactaagtacaaaaatccgatgtattcttacaat
gaagatggaactgaacattattacgaattccatactaaaaaaggtatgttattagtaactactgatggta
agaaaaacaatggtaaagtaactcatatttcaatgatgtataatgatgctaatggtccaacatatcaagc
tgttaaaaattatgttggcaaagcagtaacacatacggaatatagcaaagttgctggtaattttggatat
attgaaaaaggcaaaacgacttatcaatttgcctcagcaccaaaagataaaaacataaaattatatcgta
ttgatttggaaaaataa
>Potential gene 25:23758..24501, 744 bp
atgtttcattttaaaggagtactaccaatgcgtattaacgataaaattttactagaaaatatagaagatt
actttaatcataaaggtttatcaccgcatttgattgatgatattaaagagaaagtaattactgatataaa
aaattctgaaaagaaagatcaagattatattgaatataaaagaaaatctccagcacaaatcatattaatg
attcaaaggaatttgtttgctttacaaatgaatccagttattttctttattataaacttcattctcatat
cctatttatatgataaacagtatgttcagtttcaagctattactggaatgagtctattttattgtttagt
gatttttccaatgactattgttgtatacctaagggtgtctcaaaagaattacttgcgtagtaataaaata
gaaatgattatgggtacaattatcgctatcatatccttgttattaattatattacaagcatttaatatta
cttggggcgttataccaattacaaattttggacatcaatttttctttttcattggtattattttagtaat
tgccggcatattttataagcgacttgagttttcgggaatcgggttattattttgtcaaaaaaccgtcgat
gcaatgattcataatccacaatcagcccagattttttcattaattatatggatattattagtagttctag
ttatatatttcacaattagattatcttcacgtacaagattataa
>Potential gene 26:24670..25458, 789 bp
atgaataaagtcacaattaatcctcaaatccaattaacttatcaaattgaaggtaaaggggatcctataa
tattacttcatggattggatggtaatttagctggatttgaagatttgcaacatcaactagcatcatcata
taaagtacttacttacgatttaagaggtcatggcaagtcttctaaaagtgaatcatacgatttaaacgat
cacgttgaggatttaaaaattctaatggagaagttaaatattcatgaggcacatattctaggacatgatt
taggtggggtagttgctaagttatttacagataaatatgcttatcgtgtaaaatcattaactaccattgc
atcgaagaaagatgacttaatacacagctttactcaattgttaatacaatatcaagatgatatagcgggt
tttaataagtctgaagcgtatattcttttattttctaaattgtttagaaatcaagagaagacgatgaaat
ggtatcaaaaacaaagaatatatagcattaagtctgaggatgatagtgcggtggcaattcgttcattaat
tttgcataaagatgaacctatgtatttaaaaaaacgtacatgtgtacctactttgttaattaatggggaa
catgatcctttgattaaagataagaatcattttaaattggaagcgcattttttaaatgttacgaaaaaaa
tcttcgaacattcaggacatgcaccgcatattgaagaaccagaagcatttatgaattattatttaaaatt
tttaaaaagcgtatcataa
>Potential gene 27:25709..26083, 375 bp
atggcaattacaaaaatcaatgattgctttgagttgttatcaatggtcacttatgctgacaaattaaaaa
gtttaattaaaaaggaattttcaattagctttgaagaattcgctgtattgacatacatcagcgaaaacaa
agagaaagaatactatcttaaagatattattaatcatttaaactacaaacaaccacaagttgttaaagca
gttaaaattttatctcaagaagattacttcgataaaaaacgtaatgagcatgatgaaagaactgtattaa
ttcttgttaatgcacaacaacgtaaaaaaatcgaatcattattgagtcgagtaaataaacgaatcactga
agcaaacaacgaaattgaactataa
>Potential gene 28:27031..27528, 498 bp
atgaatcaatttaacaagaataatttattactaactgatcaaaagtatttactgttttggcttctattag
gatttatttttggtttctttccacctattcaaacgacaattaatagtgctttagctagtcatactcattc
accagcctttgcatcattagtatcatttacaattgggtcaatagcgctattgattttaaccgctattttt
aatcgttctttaaaactaaaaacaagtcatttaaaattcggtaaattaaagcctatctattttactggcg
gtatacttggcatggcttttgtaacagctaacattatcttaatgcctcatatgggtgcagcattaacaac
acttattgggatgtttggccagattctaatgggcatattgatagatcactttggattatttggttcacct
aaaatagcaatgacatccagaaaaactattggtctattatgtattttgacaggcattatacttttaagat
tattttaa
>Potential gene 29:27799..28152, 354 bp
atgaaaccattattacccaaaagtataactatggatagaggtaaggagtttgctctatttgaagaaatag
aagatgaattgaattgtagtatttattttagtgatttgggttgtccatatcaacgtggttctattgaaaa
tgcaaatggacttttaagacagtattatcctaaaggtacggattttgcaaatataacacaaaagtcatta
gatgaagctgttaaacaaattaatgcacggcctcgaatgatatttgactataaatcgagtgaggaaatgc
taaagtaccatgtaagcacacaaaattgtgaacctatattaaatgactgtgtgaggcacgaacccgtcaa
ttaa
>Potential gene 30:28316..28819, 504 bp
atgaaaaaaagaaaaaaacgtaaagaattagactataaaacacgtctagctatcgcaaagtatttaaatg
atggtttaaacatcattcagatttctaagattttaggtcgtgatgatgcagttctttatagagaagtaaa
taagcgttctgttgatggtgtttataatcctttattagctgaggaagatgctataaaatcgcgtagtatt
tcagatgaacaagttgctaaacgtagacgtttgaatgatgaaacaaaagcatatattgaagaaaaacttt
cattaaaatggtctcctagacagatagcaagtcaaattgaaaaagatacagggtattatataagttatcc
tactatatatagatatattcgcaatggattggtaaaagttgatgttaagcgtgatatgagacaagcaggc
aagaaatataataagtcttctgaaaagcgtggcaaattagacgtagggtctcgtgttataaagtatcggc
tcaaaaagtattaa
>Potential gene 31:28928..29284, 357 bp
atgaggcgatggtttgtattaattttaggattagttatattattatctgcatgtggtcagaaatatgata
aagaaattgatgaagttacaaagttagaaaaagaaagtattcaagatgtgaaaaatacaaagaagtataa
aaatgttgagcggtcaaaaagttattataagatttataatgatggtgaggttattataatgacttatatg
ccttttaaagatagtaatacaaaagtttcaagagtatataaaataaatcagactagcgataaatatgaag
aagattctaatattgatgctgaaaagtttgagaaagataataaaccagtttatgaagaaaataatatgaa
aaaataa
>Potential gene 32:29340..29930, 591 bp
atgaagcaaaaaattattatgtttactcttgtaacagtaatattattttgtgctgttttaattggttatc
agattcctaaacaacaagttaaaatgaaacaaaatcaaattgaagatttgcaggaagaacaacgtatatt
aagagataaaaatggagagttaaataaattagtaaagagacaatcaaaaacagttatttctgatgaagaa
aaacaaatacgtgaagtttcttcaaattttgttaaacagatgtttgaaatgaaaaaagattcttctttta
aatcaaaagcaccacaaataaagcctttagttacaaaggattattacgatacattatttaaggattctaa
agataaatatgatttatatgatgatataacggttaatgatattcatgtttattttgatacttatgaccct
aaaaaagatagttataaagtttttgttcagttcgacgaacgtattgaaacagatggagatgataaaattg
aacatcgtcaaacatctgcacaattggatttagttcgtacagctgaaggttggcgtattgataatttaaa
acgtttcaatttaaaacctctaggacgttag
>Potential gene 33:29931..30983, 1053 bp
atggtaaataaaaaagatattgctaaaaaagtaataggtaaaacgccaataggcgttaaattgaaattag
cgaaagtcatcatcattttatgtgtggtggctttttttatatttccagtaattataatgtttttgttagc
gcctgatttaaataaaggtaaagatgatgctggttgtactgttagtggcggtaatgtttcggcaaatggt
attgataagtttaacgaaaatgctaaaggtggaaaattagagggtaaaggaaaagaaatacagaaaattg
cagaaaaaaataaagtacctgtgaatatttttatggccattattgcgagtgaatcacaatggggtaaagg
agaaaatgcgacaagacaaaataatcctttgtctgttatgggttcaaaatcgattcatgattcaacatat
ccaactattgaagatggtcttaatgcgggagctaaaaatttgtatgatgtttatatttctaaaggtttag
atactcctaaaaaaataggtcccaaatatgcgcctgttggtgcgtcaaatgaccctaataatatgaatgc
ccgttggataccaacagttgaaaaaattatgaaagatttaggcggttcagaagctaaaacgtcatgtagt
aatggtaaaggaaagtctataaagtttaatggtaaattgccacattggtcaaatgatgaccctggaaaag
gtaatttatacactgctggtcaatgtacttggtatgcatacggtatgcgtcaaaaaatgggtaaacctgt
atcgacttattggcatgatgcacataaatggaatgatagagctaaagctgagggttataaagttgataaa
aatccggaacctggtgcattatttattgctgaacaaggtgcaggcggtcatgatgggcattatggtcatg
tggctgttgttattggtgtaagtgatggtggtaaaacatttagaataacagaaatgaattgggaaggtgc
ttttaaagttaatgaacgtacattgaaaatgactgacggatatagttttattcatgataaggagtgaaaa
taa
>Potential gene 34:30973..32820, 1848 bp
atgaagcataaaagtgtgtatcttttatgctttttaattttgcctattctgcttttaacatctgtgagtg
cttatgctgtttctaatccagttggagagccctcacatgcagttaagccaaaaattgaaaagtatgattt
atcacattatcgttcaatatatagtgaaaaaggcgactggaatccgtttggtcaagaagaaatttcacgt
caaattaataatgtgtcagattttttcttttctatgactaagattttagcaggtgttacagattatgcga
ttgaaaatttatttcaattagatgttattaatgattttgcggataaaatcggcgattttgttggcgatat
atatcaaaagttattgagtaatttagcattaacattatttattattgtttgttttaacgcatttattatt
tttagtgtacaaggtaatgcaagagaagcattaaaacgagcgtttttaattatgtgtttaattggttttg
gtgttggtatacttgcgaatgcaggtaatattatacgtggtacaaacaatattggtaaggacttaaataa
tataattatgaatagtacatcttctattgatggtaatattgattatattcatgagaattcaggtatgaat
catatacgtaatcaattatttgatatgacgatatatagaacatatttagtaatgaattatggaactgtcg
acgaaaaagagataaaagcaaaaggtaaagaccgtattgataacattttaaaacttgattatgataaaaa
atcagaaaaagaattagatgatattgttaaagatgaggttgaaaagaaaaataataaatatatgacgcaa
ggttatgtatttcaaaagttggctatttcagtgattggttttattattacactttttatgtcgatagtat
ttttatcaataagttttgcgaagttgattttttctacatttgctttatttttattcttatttttagtatt
cagttggatagtgagttttataccaggatttgaattatctgttttctctgcgtttgcaaaaacgttaggc
tatattattttaagtgcttgtatgacattcttatttgtgatagttggtttgtgtatcaagcttgcaaata
gttttattgaaccggatagtcaaaatgcttattttttaaattcaatatttataattgtaatattgtttgt
aatgtataaaaaacgggctcaaattatcaattttgtaagtcgtggtaatattagtttttctcctagtgca
attggtgctggtgtgatgaatcgaacacaagaacgttttaataagattcgtcatgaacaagcgcaaaata
agaaagctaaacgagaaaatcaaagagatgaacccgccccaccacttcaaaatgataatgatttaagaag
aagacaacaggataaaccaatgcctttatttataaataaagataatcaaaaaaatggtaataagcgcaga
gaacaacaagagtcaatgaatggtaacgatgtaaaatctgcttctgttgaatcaaatgcaaataattatt
ctaaacaaccacaaaaagcatcacagcaagaacatcaagtacgagaaacaagacagcgaaaagatataca
aaggtcgccacaagtggttaatcagccattaaataatgagaatcattcaataaatcgtaaagaacagaag
tcagttcaaactgcttatgatactgatgttcaaaaacgacaaatacaaaatgcgacacagaatcaacaaa
gtagacaatctggaaatcgtaatcaacctattacgcgtaattctcagtcaaaagaccgtttaaaagagca
aaaggatatcaataagcatggtaaataa
>Potential gene 35:32810..34183, 1374 bp
atggcaatgaatgaaattgctttatttaaaggcgtacgtatacagccttatcagaagtatattgatttta
tgtttgcaagtgtattagcatttatttttttggtatatcgtatatatattttgtttattgattataaatc
agttaataaaaaattggatatattgacgttgtttgcatattttaaaccgcatttattgtatttattaatt
ggtacagcaattatatttgtgatatgtaagcttattgctcagtttttaatacgttttaaaacaaaagatt
tggctgaaatgattgaaacacaaggttttcataatcgtacagtaatcaagaaaacaactgagtatatccc
tattgattataaacaaactgaatatgattattatccaacaatgttttataagcgtggtaaaaaatctttt
gttattcatattaagaaagacggttcgaggtttcaagataattatttagagttagagacgattattgaac
caatgtttaattctgaattagtagaaaaaaagcatattggtcgttatttgagatatgaatttatgccact
taaatataaaaagcgtattgttatgaatggcgaacaagaatcaaatacaattttttatgatacaaaaatt
gctattacgcatcaaattacttgggattttgtgaaagcacctcatggattggttacaggtataaccggag
gtggtaaaacatattttttattttatgtgattcgtgagttattccgtagacattcagaagtacgtttatt
agacccaaaagtttcagatttgagctttatgaagcgcgttattggtgatgataaagttgcagatactaaa
ggtcaaatattaaaacaattgagagaagctaataatgaaatggaagagcgttttagattaatgaatgata
gttcggattataaaatcgggaatgatttccgtaattttgatatgcgcccctatttcattatttttgatga
ggtaacagcttttacttcaactttagataaaaaagaattacaagaaatgaatgattatttaattaatatt
attatgaaaggtcgtcaagctggtgtatttatgtttttaacagcacaaagaccagatgcagatgtgatta
aaggtaatgtgcgtgaccaattagggttacgtgtgtctttaggtaatttgtcaaatgatggttatcgtat
gacctttggtcaaactgataaagaatttcaaacgattcatgatagtgatatcggccgaggttatatttct
atacttggacaatataatgaaccaattttatttgatgcacctttaatggaacaatatgattttgtggaag
atgtgaaacaaatattaaataaggagtgatttgatgaagcataa
>Potential gene 36:34237..36732, 2496 bp
atgaatttaaaagcaccgtatgcaggtttaagagataatttgttattaacgaaaactggcgaagtttggg
cgtattatcgtgttcgttctgagtctatatcaacagcaaattatgatgcaaaagaagaatcaaaaaagcg
tatgcgttattttttagagtcgattaaaggttatcaagattttcattttgaaatgtatgaccacgattta
gatttgcgaaataaatttaaagaaattagtaaagattttgatgatgaagcttttaatgtagctgaatatt
attcaaaagaaactattgacgtattagaacaagaattacaaatgattacgcataattcttttgttatggg
tgttaaaatacgtgaattagctgacgatgcagttacacttaaagagattttaaaaagtacattatcagat
acggctgagcgtattgtttcgaattttggttttgatgtgaatttagacgataaaattttagataagtata
aaacatttgaacgagatttggctgatagttttctaggtattggaggcgagcgtttaactgagaatgaatt
ggcttatattattagaaagccttttatttcaaatgcaacacatgacgtacaggaagaatcttcaagaaga
gctattacagatatttataatgcagtaattgaccctactcgcttgagtgttttagaagttgaaaatgata
acgagaaattttatacaacaacagttgttgttgatgattttccgttagatatggaatatacacatttatt
tgagaaagctcaaaatatgccttttccggttgaatgccatgtaaaagcaaaaatcattaataatgagaaa
gttaagaaaaaatttgaccgtgcgaaaataaatcataaacaacaagcaaaagaaaagcaagatactggcg
acagtgcttcggaagatgttcaagataatttgtttgtattgaatcaaatggaacgagaagtgactggctc
aggtgtatttattgagtgggtatttatgtttgtaattaaaagtgatgattatagagattgtaaacgtaaa
gcaaagcgtttgatgaaacgattaaaggaaactcaaatatatgcagttaatccattagctgaccagttac
aattgttttatcaatgtttacatggtaatgatttatttattaataagtattggttacaaagaacaacggc
aacaggtatagcagagaatttatttggtgtgtctcaaagtttgggaacaaaaacgggtttttatataggg
cgtattgataaatttatacgttctgtttcacgtgaggaagctgttgcaagttcaagggatataattttgt
ttagtttattgttggccgcaaaaggtattaagggggctgtcagtgatagtccgcatgttttaattactgg
tcaaactgggaaaggtaaatcatttttagcaaaattattatggatttatacatcattttttaaaggtcaa
atgttgtactgggatccaaaatctgagtttgcagaatggtttgacagagtaacagaaagtaaggaaatgc
aagaaaagtatcccctatttattaatcatttaaaaacatttaaatatgtaacattgaattatgaagattc
aaccaattatggttgtctagaccctattgtatttttagatggtattgaagctaatgagatgttgaaatca
gtgtttgatgaaattaaatcttttgaaaattatcatcatattgaaacagcaatttatcaagctatttctg
atacggttgaagaacgtgaaaatggtaaaaaagttggttcattaaatgtaattgaaaaattacagaataa
tgaagatgagcatgtaaaaaatgcaggcgatttattatttgaaaaaacgcaaaacaatattttaaaactt
gtttttagtgatggtacgaatccagctttaaatattcaagaaaaagcaactattttacaggttaaaggtt
tagatatgcctaaagcagatgatgatacatcaagttattcaacaagtgagaaaaatgggattacattaat
gttattaattggtaagtttttagagaaattcggttctcgtagagatgttcaaacgactatatttattgat
gagggttgggcttttagtgcttcaagacaaggtaaaaaagttggtaagcgtataaaaagaacgggacgtt
ctgagaataattcacttgtatttattacacaatcggtaaaagataaagcagatgatgatggtggtaactt
tggttgtcattttgcatttgatgaaaaagatgaacgtgaggatattttaaaatctttaggcttagaatat
tcaaaagaatctcctgaaaacatggagatgttgaaagatttgaagaaaggtcaatgtatattcagtgatt
tttatggacgtgttggaaaaatggttgtacattgtccatttgaggaaatgactgaagcatttagaacaca
agaagattctgcaagctctaaagctgaagaaaaatttgcgatgtaa
>Potential gene 37:36767..37099, 333 bp
atgtatgaatttacagataagtttcgtattaataagggttttcgtttagatttttgggctacatttttga
ttgtgtggtttatattatttttgttattttggtatttattacagcctgtaattatgtcgattggtggact
tatgtttatttactttacggttgcaccttattatataacgaaatatattgttaagttaaaacaagatgga
aagaaattatttttcttcttatgggattttgtaatatttgtttttaatgtgcagttaagaaaagttaaat
taagttatgatgaagaagtagaatatcatgataaaaaaataacatttaaatag
>Potential gene 38:37126..37473, 348 bp
atggtaaatattacgttaaaaatatgactaattctattggaggttaatgttatgagtggtttatttaatt
tttttgttttaggtgctgaccgtccatcacttggtggagttggtgactggataagtaatgaagtaggtac
gggtattggtttagtagtattggttgttggtattgtaaaatgggctagtggtaaatatgggcatatggtt
atattatttgttgttggtggctttttattcttagtttctaaaggtcctgaacaggtatttaatgcgattg
caggtgtttggaaaatgatttttggcggttgaggtgattccatttggataaaaaagcttataatttaa
>Potential gene 39:37427..38482, 1056 bp
atgaaaataataagcaagtacattttaacacgattttctaaaaacggaaagcattttgatattcctaaag
aacaacgccgagtaattccaaaatttaaaaatcgtcgtaagatgattgtaatttgtttttactcattatt
agctattttgttaattcttttattagcttcttttattaaagctacaagagcaaataatgacagtaaagaa
gcagttaataaaacgaatatgattcaaaaaaagtatgaagataatgcgaatacagttcagtatagtccta
aattaaagttatatgctgataagtttattgatacgtatatgaatatctcgaaagattcaaaagaattgga
atctagagaaaaagaattgttgaaatattttccatcagattataaaaaacctgatgaaaaaatttcagat
acagaacgaaaattgaatagtaaagaattttataatattaaacgtaaagataaacaaacaattatacagt
atattgttaattatgatgtgaatattactgaaaagaaagaagttaaagttaagaagaaaaagaaaagtga
aaaagataaagatgagtatgaaacaaaaacagaagaaaagcaacgtaaagtaaatcaaaacattttaata
aatatacctattaagagtgaaaataataagtatgttgttgttgaatatccttattttacgccaatccctg
atagtcaattgaatcaagctaaaatggttgaggataatttgaaagacaataaacgggaagacaatccgaa
agcaaaagcttttattgaagatttctttaataaatatgcttctagtaagtctgatgatatggcctattta
atggataaccctgagggcttagaaggaactagagaagtttctcagataagagaaattaggttatatccaa
aaggcgatgattatgttgctaaagttgaaattttgatgaaagataaagattctcctttggagaatttgga
gcattacacattagatataacaaaaaaagatggtaaatattacgttaaaaatatgactaattctattgga
ggttaa
>Potential gene 40:38543..39634, 1092 bp
atgactttaaaaaaccagtgtaccccccttactaataggggggtagagcgtacaaataaaagtgctgtgg
aggcagttgttgactgggttcaggtcactttccatatagcccctatttcagcagtaattgaggacgttat
cggtttgcctataacgttgttcaaaaaacgaaatagtggcatttacttttataatcgcggttatgaattt
tcaaacattaaattgtattattcaagtgatgatgaatcaatgggcattcacttacagttaactggtacag
gttgtagagagtttgaacatcatttacagcagttgaataaaacttggcaagatttttttgacaaatgttt
atcagttaatgcaaattttacaagaattgatattgcaattgatgattataaaacatatttaaaagtgcct
ttattaattaaaaaggctgaaaaagctgagtgtgtttcacgttttagagctggaagcgcaataaacggtt
ttaatttgtcagacggaagaagtaaaggcgctactttttatattggttctaaacaaagcaatttatattg
tcgtttttatgaaaagaattatgaacaagcgtttaaacgtcattgtgatgtcgaagacattgggctatgg
aatcgttatgaaatacaaatgcgaaaggcatatgcagttaattgtgcgaaagtgttgagtagaacagata
atataagcgaaattgtaaagtctatattgcataataatttgcgttttatctctcctcctaaaggtggaaa
tgataaaaatcgtaagcggtggccattatatagaccttgggcgttatttattaaagatactgaaaaattg
aatttaactactagaccaacattaaagtccattgaggataatcttgattggttatgtaaacaagttgcta
ctactttagatacagtgttaactgccgaaagtatggcgcaatctgaggggttgcttacagatactgattt
tttagataaaattttagcgcattcacaatttaatgatgagcatacgaatagaattaatcattatttggag
gctttaaaacaaaaaaagcacttatcaaaagataagtgttaa
>Potential gene 41:39809..40111, 303 bp
atggattattatacagcagatagattatatcgctacacaaatagttcaaatttgagtgaacctattttaa
actatgttgctagtcgtataaattggggcgataaagtttcattaatgactttagctaaagaaatacagtc
taaatttaatgatagttacgttaaagaaaatacggtaaaaggtcggcctaaaatttacgctgacctttgt
ctattgtgtatgagcttgagtgaagcaggacatggcagaatgctacaagtgaatttggaagattgtattt
atattggcgatattgatgtttaa
>Potential gene 42:40125..40445, 321 bp
atgaaaccagtattggatattaaaaaaactttaggacaattaaactttttaggtgtagatgaaaaatata
aatatgaaaatggagagcgtactgataaaactgtttatgcatataaattagcgagtcaagaacaaggcga
acaaatcactgttaaaacgcctaataaagtggaattagactatttacaagaatgcgaattagttgaacca
gacgttaaaatgtatgttcaaatgtcaggcgattttggaactatcgcatatagctggaatgcagaagata
ttaaagtagttggttctaatagtgcacttaaacaaaaataa
>Potential gene 43:40596..40880, 285 bp
atgactgagtttacacctttttttgatggttcaaatcaattaaattatcttaaatttgtaattttaagat
ttcatggtgtttctaaaagaaaaatttgtaaaatgtataattttgcatattttcgtatattagaagtttg
tgaaatggcaaaaaagaatgattatcgatttacttataaggattataaatttttaaaacaatatggtgtg
tctaatacatttatttgtaagatgtatcatatttcaattgaagacttagaattttttgaggtgatgaacc
gatag
>Potential gene 44:40916..41317, 402 bp
atgcttcttttctatatcattggtgtcctagttggaatgcttattcctatccaaacatctgtcaattcaa
gactatcactgtatactaaatcgcctttctatacttcattcatttcattttcagttggaacaatttgttt
aattattttaaatatcattatcaatccagaagtatttactattcacttttacaataatcaatcatttaac
tacacatgggtagtcggtggtttgcttggggttagctttttaactggcaatttattgttattgccaaaat
taggtgcaacattaactgtaattgcaacagttgcgggtcaaattattatgggtgtcattattgatacatt
tggattatttggcgctacaattcatgattttaattggtggtgtaaactttag
>Potential gene 45:41512..41853, 342 bp
atgcatcaaacgaccaaattaaaacattcagcaaacttattgagcgacttactggagaaacatatagcaa
tatcgaactcatcaaatctttatcaatttaatcaggaggacatattcatgactaaaacacttgaattaag
ttttaaatcttcactagacaagcctgtaaaactgcaattaccacaattaaacaacgtagtgaccgagcaa
gttgcacgtgatagtatgaatgcattagtagatttaaatattataaagtcaaatagtggtactatcacca
aagtacattctgctcaaattattgataaaacaacaactgttttatttgaagataagaaatag
>Potential gene 46:42079..42675, 597 bp
atgattaagacacttaaagcaaggggaggttgagtaatgaataaagtagaagcgattaaatttaatgatg
atattgttaaaatgtatgaagcgctcaagataaaatctgaacgtgactatttattctttaagttagctat
acatagtggattgaaagtatcagaattattaacaattacagtctctcaagttaagagactaattgaaaag
tgtacgttatcagaaatgtgtaaagcacattttcattcgttgattaaaattaggttaccagaaacattat
cgaaagaactacttcaatatatagaggacaggagtctttcgaatgaagacgttctttttcaatcactacg
aacaaatcaagtattatctagacagcaagcatatcgaataattcaccaagcatcaattgaagctggtata
gataatgtaggactaacgacattgcgtaagacatttgcatatcatgcttatcaaaaaggtatacctatac
cagtcattcaaaagtatttagggcatcaatctgctattgaaacactaaattttatcggtttagaaaatga
gtgtgaacatagtatttatatttcattacaattatag
>Potential gene 47:42694..45177, 2484 bp
atgagtttggtttatttattaattgctatacttgtgattatggcgatgatacttctaatgtctaaacgta
gagcattggctaaatatgccgggtacatagcgttggttgcacctgtaatttcatctatctattttttgat
tcaaataccatcagtagctaaactgcaatatctttctacctctattccatggattaagacattagatatt
aatttagatttacgtttagatggtttaagtttaatgttttctcttattatttcacttattggaattgcag
tattcttctatgcaactcaatatttatcctctcgaaaagacaatttaccaaggttttatttttatttaac
gttatttatgttcagtatgattggtattgtattatcagacaatacgatattgatgtacattttttgggaa
ttaacgagtgtatcatcatttttattgatttcatattggtataacaatggtgacagtcaatttggtgcga
ttcaatcatttatgattacagtatttggtggattggcgttattagttggttttattatgctgtatatcat
gacaggaacgaataacatcacagagatattaggacaagcagatcatattaagaatcatggattgtttatc
cctatgatttttatgtttttattaggtgcatttacaaaatcagcacaatttccatttcatatttggctac
ctagagcaatggctgcacctacacctgtaagtgcttatttacattcagccacgatggtaaaagctggtat
ctttttattacttcgatttacaccattattaggtcttagcaatatgtacgtatatatcgttacgtttgtt
ggtttaataacaatgttatttggttcaattacagctttaaaacaatgggatttaaaaggtatcctagcgt
actctacaatcagtcaacttgggatgattatggctatggtgggtataggtggcggatatgctcaacacca
acaagacgcaatagcatctatttatgtatttgtattatttggtgcgctatttcatctaatgaatcatgcc
atctttaaatgtgcgcttttcatgggagtaggtattttagatcatgaagcaggttcaagggatatacgaa
ttttaagtggaatgcgtcaactatttcctaaaatgaatctagtcatgacgatagcggctctatctatggc
tggagtaccatttttaaatggatttttaagtaaagaaatgtttttagatgcattaacacaaactggacaa
ttatcccaatttagtttgatttcaatgatagctatcgtgtttgttggtgttattgcgagtgtttttacat
tcacatatgcactatacatggtaaaagaagtattttggacaaaatatgattctaaggtttttactaaaaa
aaatatccacgaaccatggttgtttagtttaccatctcttatattaatggtgctagtacctgtaatcttt
tttgtaccaaatatatttgggaaggggattatcgttctagcattaagagctgtatcaggtggtaatcatc
aaattgatcaattggcaccacatgtttcgcaatggcatggatttaacataccgcttcttttaaccatcat
cattattttattgggtagtgtactagcaatcaaagtagattggaaaaaagtgttcacaggtaaaattaga
cagatttcagtttcaaaaagctatgagatggtatatcgacattttgaaaagtttgctacgaagcgattta
aacgtgttatgcaagatcgtttaaaccaatacattattatgaccttaggcatatttatgattatcattgg
atatggttatattcgaattggacttcctaaagtacatcagttacatgtttctgaatttggggcattagaa
attatattagcaatcgtaactgtcacaattggtatttctttaatttttatacgtcaacgactgacaatgg
tcattttaaatggagtcatcggatttgttgtgaccttattctttatagcaatgaaagcccctgatctagc
attgactcagctagtagttgaaacaataacgacgatactatttattgtcagtttttcaagattaccaaac
gtgccaagatctaacgctaacaaaaaaagagaaataattaaaatttctgtatcactcttgatggcactta
ttgttgtatcattaatttttattacacaacaaacagatggtttatcatcaatatcagacttttatttaaa
agctgacaaactaacaggtggtaaaaatattgtaaatgcgatacttggtgactttagagcattagataca
ttatttgaaggattagtgttaattattactgggctaggtatttacacattattaaattatcaagatcgga
ggggacaagatgaaagagaatgatgtcgtgttaagaacggtcacgaaacttgttgtatttattttattga
ctttcggattctatgtcttcttcgcaggtcataa
>Potential gene 48:45505..45849, 345 bp
atgaatttaatattattactagttataggatttttagtgtttataggaacatatatgattttatcaatca
atttaattcgtattgtaatcggaatttcaatatatactcatgctggtaatctcattattatgagtatggg
aacgtatggttctagtagatcagaaccactaataactggtggaaaccaattgtttgttgatcccttgtta
caagctattgtactaactgcaatagttatagggtttgggatgactgcgtttttacttgtacttgtttata
gaacttataaagtaacaaaagaagatgaaattgaaggcctaaggggggaagatgatgctaagtaa
>Potential gene 49:45836..47335, 1500 bp
atgatgctaagtaacttattgattttaccaatgttattaccattcctttgtgccttaatccttgtatttt
taaaaaataatgatcgtatttctaaatatttatacttaggtacaatgactatcaccacaattatttcatt
aatgctattaatttatgttcagcgtcaccgtccaattacgctagactttggaggatggtcagcgcccttt
ggtatacagtttttaggagattctttaagtttaattatggttacaaccgcttcgtttgtgattactttaa
ttatggcatacggatttgggcgtggcgaacataaagcaaatcgttatcacttgccatcgttcatattatt
tttaagtgttggcgtgataggctcttttctaacatcagatttatttaatttatacgtcatgtttgaaatt
atgttactagcgtcatttgtactcattacacttggacaatctgtagaacaattacgtgctgcaattattt
atgttgtcttgaatattattggttcatggctattcttattaggtataggtttactttataaaacagtagg
tacattaaacttttcacatattgcaatgcgtttgaatgacatgggagataatcgcactgttacaatgatt
tcattaatcttcttagtcgcatttagtgcgaaagcagcgctggtcctttttatgtggctacccaaagcct
acgctgtgttaaatactgagcttgcagcattatttgcagcgttaatgaccaaagtaggggcctatgcatt
aattcgattcttcactttactatttgatcaacataatgatctcatacatccattgctagcaactatggct
gctataactatggtcatcggcgctataggtgtcattgcttataaagatattaaaaagattgcagcttacc
aagtcataatctcaataggatttatcattttaggtttaggaacaaacacgtttgcaggtattaatggtgc
aatattttatttggtaaatgacattgttgtaaaaacattgctattttttattattggtagtttagtttac
attacaggctatcgacaatatcaatatttgaatggcttagctaaaaaagaacctttatttggagttgcgt
ttattataatgatttttgctattggcggcgtgcctccatttagtggctttccggggaaagtacttatttt
ccaaggtgcattgcaaaatggcaattatattggactagcgttaatgattattactagtctaattgcaatg
tacagtttatttaggatacttttttatatgtattttggagataaagatggggaggaagttaattttaaga
aaatcccgctatatcgaaaaagaattttaagtattttagtagttgtggttatcgcaatcggaattgctgc
acctgttgtgttaaatgttacaagtgatgcaactgagttgaacacgagtgatcaattatatcaaaaactt
gtaaatccgcatttgaaaggagaggactaa
>Potential gene 50:47336..47830, 495 bp
atgaatcaaatagttttaaatattatcattgcattcttatgggtattatttcaagatgaagatcatttta
aattctcgactttcttttctggatatctaattggtttaattgtcatttatatattacacaggtttttcag
cgatgatttttatgttagaaaaatatgggtagctattaaatttttaggtgtttatttatatcaattaata
acatctagcattagcacgattaattatattctttttaaaacaaaagatatgaaccctggattactttcat
atgaaacaagactaacaagtgattggtcaataacatttttaacaattttaattattataactccagggtc
tacagtaatacgaatttctcaagactctaaaaagttttttattcatagtatcgacgtgtcagaaaaagaa
aaagatagtttgttaagaagtattaagcattatgaagacttaatattggaggtgtcgcgatgatacaaac
aataa
>Potential gene 51:47815..48117, 303 bp
atgatacaaacaataacacatattatgattattagttcactcattatttttggaattgcattaatcatct
gtttatttagattaatcaagggacctacaacagcagatcgtgtcgttacatttgatacaacaagtgctgt
cgtaatgtcaattgtgggtgtgttaagtgtacttatgggcaccgtttctttcttagattcaatcatgctc
attgccattatatcttttgtaagttctgtttcaatatcacgctttattggtggggggcatgtgtttaatg
gaaataacaaaagaaatctttag
>Potential gene 52:48083..48541, 459 bp
atgtgtttaatggaaataacaaaagaaatctttagtcttattgctgctgtgatgttgttgttaggtagtt
ttattgctcttattagtgcaataggtatcgtgaaattccaagatgttttcttaagaagtcacgctgcgac
aaaaagttcaactttatccgtgttattaactttaatcggtgtattaatttattttattgtgaatacagga
tttttcagtgtgcgtttattactgtcacttgtttttattaatttaacttcaccagtcggcatgcacttag
tcgctcgcgctgcttatcgcaacggcgcttatatgtatcgaaaaaatgatgctcacacacatgcatcaat
attattaagttcaaatgaacaaaactctacagaagcattacaattacgtgctgaaaaacgagaagagcat
cgtaagaaatggtatcaaaacgattgaagtgttggctaa
