
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:416..616, 201 bp
atgaataacggtacagttaaatggtttaatgcagaaaaaggttttggtttcatcgaaagagaagatggta
gcgacgtattcgtacacttctcagcaatcgctgaagatggatacaaatcattagaagaaggccaaaaagt
tgaattcgacatcgttgaaggcgaccgtggcgagcaagctgcaaacgtagttaaaatgtaa
>Potential gene 2:973..1659, 687 bp
atgacagaatacttattaagtgctggcatatgtatggcaattgtttcaatattacttatagggatggcta
tcagtaatgtttcgaaagggcaatacgcaaagaggtttttctttttcgctactagttgcttagtgttaac
tttagttgtagtttcaagtctaagtagctcagcaaatgcatcacaaacagataacggcgtaaatagaatt
ggttctgaagattcaacagtatatagtgcaacttcaactaaaaaattacataaagaacctgcgacattaa
ttaaagcgattgatggtgatacggttaaattaatgtacaaaggtcaaccaatgacattcagactattatt
agttgatacacctgaaacaaagcatcctaaaaaaggtgtagagaaatatggccctgaagcaagtgcattt
acgaaaaaaatggtagaaaatgcaaagaaaattgaagtcgagtttgacaaaggtcaaagaactgataaat
atggacgtggcttagcgtatatttatgctgatggaaaaatggtaaacgaagctttagttcgtcaaggctt
ggctaaagttgcttatgtttataaacctaacaatacacatgaacaacttttaagaaaaagtgaagcacaa
gcgaaaaaagagaaattaaatatttggagcgaagacaacgctgattcaggtcaataa
>Potential gene 3:2000..2521, 522 bp
atgaaaaggaaagtactagtattaacaatgggcgtactttgtgcgacgcaattatggcattctaatcacg
caaacgcattagtgacagagagtgttgaaactaattttgttgtaaaagattcgggtaataataatatttt
acaaacccatactgaaattactactgaggagaaattttcaatagtagaaaagagccaattaaatacacta
aaatcactatctaatgacaactacatagaatatgatttacatactaatcaaacaggcattaaaaaaggtt
ggttatatggctatagtgaaattgactcatcacatttcacagactgtgacaaacgcgctattagacgtga
tcatgttaaagaagcacaaagcttaattaacgattataaagatacacaaagttatgaagatctcgctaag
gcaactgcaaaagtaagtacacttagtcagtctcatcaaaattatttgaataaacaaattgataaagtga
ataataagatagagaaaactgaaaaacgctaa
>Potential gene 4:2851..3873, 1023 bp
atgaaaaagaaattattagttttaactatgagcacgctatttgctacacaaattatgaattcaaatcacg
ctaaagcatcagtgacagagagtgttgacaaaaaatttgtagttccagaatcaggtattaataaaattat
tccagcttacgatgaatttaagagtgcaccaaaagtaaatgttagtaatttaactgacaataaaaatttt
gtagtttctgaaggcaaattgaataagatttcagatccttcagcagcaagtaaaattgtagataaaaact
ttgtcgtaccagaatcaaagttaggaaacattgtgccagagtacaaagaaatcaataatcgcgtgaatgt
agcaacaaacaatccagcttcacaacaagttgataagcattttgttgctaaaggcccagaagtaaataga
tttattacgcaaaacaaagtaaaccaccacttcattactacgcaaacccactacaagaaagttattactt
catacaaatcaacacatgtacataaacatgtaaatcatgcaaaggattctattaataaacactttattgt
taaaccatcagaatcgcctagatatacacatccatctcaatctttaattatcaagcatcattttgcagtt
cctggatatcacgcgcataaatttgttacaccagggcatgctagcattaaaattaatcacttttgtgttg
tgccacaaataaatagtttcaaggtaattccaccatatggtcacaattctcaccgtatgcatgtaccaag
tttccaaaataacacaacagcaacacatcaaaatgctaaagtaaataaagcatatgactataaatactac
tattcttataaagtagttaaaggtgtgaaaaaatatttctcattttcacaatctaatggttttaaaactg
gtaaaccagcattaaatatcaaaaatgtaaattatcaatatgctgttccaagttatagccctacacacgt
tgttcctgaatttaagggcattttaccagcaccacgagtataa
>Potential gene 5:4226..5548, 1323 bp
atgtgcacatcagaaattaataaaaatgatggatatgatgaacctgaatataaagaggcgatggatactt
accgaaaaaaattatttgctgaattagatgcgcttaacaagtttttagatgaagagagaaaaatagaaag
tagtaaaaaaaataacaaccaagttgcaaatggtgtattgggcttaacacatcaaaggtatttagctatt
catgaagcaataaaggaaaataaaaatgagtttgaaagaaagacacaagatatcgaaagtagaaatcctg
atttgaaaaaatttgatagagataaagattacgaagttagagtaaaattaaatgaactagaaaataaagt
attaatgcttggacacgcttttccaaataaacatgaagcaagagagaatctttataataaattagatttg
attgttggccgtagtgatgatgagagagaagaaaggcatcctcaaaatgataggttatctaaagaacgag
ttgaagatttagaatcaattattgatgaattttttgttgaaatcaatgaaaataggccgttgaatatacc
ggcgttaattgaaagtaatgaagaaaatatagtaatggcaaaaaaactaaaagcagatacagaagaagct
aaagcgaatacatctaaaagaagtaaaagaagtttaaatactcaaaatcacaaatctaaaataaacgaag
taactgaagaacaaaaagctaattatgaaaagaaatttaaagaaataaaagaacgatttttagctaaaca
aaaaaataaaaataacacaccagttgtatcgttagaatatgacgaagacgacaacgaaaacgacaagaaa
cttgtggtttctgagccatcaaagaaaccaacaacaccgcctacatatactgaaacaacgacacaggtac
ctatgcctacagttgagcgtcaaactcagcaacaaattatttataatgcaccaaaacaattggctggatt
aaatggtgaaagtcatgatttcacaacaacgcatcaatcaccaacaacttcaaatcatacgcataatcat
cttattgaatttgaagaaacgtctgctttacctggtagaaaatcaggatcactggttggtataagtcaaa
ttgattcttctcatctaactgaacgtgagaagcgtgtaattaagcgtgaacacgttagagaagctcaaaa
gttagttgataattataaagatacacatagttataaagaccgattaaatgcacaacaaaaagtaaatact
ttaagtgaaggtcatcaaaaacgttttaataaacaaatcaataaagtatacaatggcaaataa
>Potential gene 6:5955..8606, 2652 bp
atgaatatgaagaaaaaagaaaaacacgcaattcggaaaaaatcgattggcgtggcttcagtgcttgtag
gtacgttaatcggttttggactactcagcagtaaagaagcagatgcaagtgaaaatagtgttacgcaatc
cgatagcgcaagtaacgaaagcaaaagtaatgattcaagtagcgttagtgctgcacctaaaacagtcgac
acaaacgtgagtgatactaaaacaacgtcaaacactaatagtggcgaaacaagtgtggcgcaaaatccgg
cacaacaggaaacgacacaatcagcatcaacaaatgcaactacggaagaaactccggcaactggtgaagc
tactactacggcaacgaatcaagctaatacaccggcaacaactcaatcaagcaatacaaatgcggaggaa
ttagtgaatcaaacaaataatgaaacgacttctaatgatactaatacagtatcatctgtaaattcacctc
aaaattctacaaatgcggaaaatgtttcaacaacgcaagatacttcaactgaagcaacaccttcaaacaa
tgaatcagctccacagagtacagatgcaagtaataaagatgtagttaatcaagcggttaatacaagtgcg
cctagaatgagagcatttagtttagcggcagtagctgcagatgcaccggctgctggcacagatattacga
atcagttgacagatgtgaaagttactattgactctggtacgactgtgtatccgcaccaagcaggttatgt
caaactgaattatggtttttcagtccctaattctgctgttaaaggtgacacattcaaaataactgtacct
aaagaattaaacttaaatggtgtaacttcaactgctaaggtgccaccaattatggccggagatcaagtat
tggcaaatggtgtaatcgatagtgatggtaatgttatttatacatttacagactatgttgataataaaga
aaatgtaacagctaatattactatgccagcttatattgaccctgaaaatgttacaaagacaggtaatgtg
acattgacaactggcataggaaccaatactgctagtaagacagtattaatcgactatgagaaatatggac
aattccataatttatcaattaaaggtacgattgatcaaatcgataaaacaaataatacgtatcgccaaac
aatttatgtcaatccaagcggagataacgttgtgttacctgccttaacaggtaatttaattcctaataca
aagagtaatgcgttaatagatgcaaaaaacactgatattaaagtttatagagtcgataatgctaatgatt
tatctgaaagttattatgtgaatcctagcgattttgaagatgtaactaatcaagttagaatttcatttcc
aaatgctaatcaatacaaagtagaatttcctacggacgatgaccaaattacaacaccgtatattgtagtt
gttaatggccatattgatcctgctagtacaggtgatttagcactacgttcgacattttatggttatgatt
ctaattttatatggagatctatgtcatgggacaacgaagtagcatttaataacggatcaggctctggtga
cggtatcgataaaccagttgttcctgaacaacctgatgagcctggtgaaattgaaccaattccagaggat
tcagattctgacccaggttcagattctggcagcgattctaattcagatagcggttcagattcgggtagtg
attctacatcagatagtggttcagattcagcaagcgattcagattcagcaagtgattcagattcagacag
cgattcagactcagacagtgactcagattccgatagtgactcagactcagatagcgactcagattccgat
agtgactccgactcagacagcgattcagattcagatagtgattcagattcagatagcgattcggattcag
atagtgactcagattcagatagcgactcagattcagatagcgattcagattccgacagtgactcagattc
cgacagcgattcagattccgacagtgactcagactcagacagtgattcggattcagatagcgattcagac
tcagacagtgactcggattcagatagcgattcagactcagacagtgactcggattcagatagcgattcca
actcagacagtgattcagactcagacagcgattcagattccgacagtgactcagactcagacagcgattc
cgactcagacagtgactcggattcagatagcgattctgactcagatagtgactccgactcagacagcgac
tcagattcagatagcgattcagattccgacagtgactcagattcggatagcgattcagaatcagatagtg
actccgactcagacagcgactcagattcagatagcgattcagaatcagatagtgactccgactcaggttc
taacaataatgtagtgccgcctaattcacctaaaaatggtactaatgcttctaataaaaatgaggctaaa
gatagtaaagagccattaccagatacaggttctgaagatgaagcgaatacgtcactaatttggggattat
tagcatcattaggttcattactacttttcagaagaaaaaaagaaaataaagataagaaataa
>Potential gene 7:8608..9399, 792 bp
atgcaaattagacaaatacatcaacatgactttgctcaagttgaccagttaattagaacggcatttgaaa
atagtgaacatggttatggtaatgaatcagagctagtagaccaaattcgtctaagtgatacgtatgacaa
taacttagaaatagtagctgttcttcaaaacgaagttgtagggcacggtttactaagtgaagtttatctt
gataacggagcacaacgggaaattggattagtgttagcacctgtatctgttgatattcatcatcaaaata
aaggtatagggaagcgattgattcaagcattagaacgagaagcaatattaaaaggatataattttatcag
tgtattaggatggccgacgtattatgccaatctaggatatcaacgcgcaagtatgtacgacatttatcca
ccatatgatggtataccagacgaagcgtttttaattaaagaattaaaagtgaacagtttagcgggaaaaa
caggtaccataaattacacatctgcttttgaaaaaatatgatttcaagataggattacattaggcagagt
tcatattaataatacaaattgttcgcaatgaaatcgcacgttgtcgtttgcaatttataaaatagcaata
aataaaatgtttgttaggaaagtattattgtggataataaaaaatcgatacaaattaattgctataatgc
aatttcagtgtataattgcattaatggagattaaatatatctttaaagggtatacagttaatataaaatg
actttttaaaaagagggaataa
>Potential gene 8:9538..10059, 522 bp
atgattaatattatttcagctataggatctattgggacatttattatggctttattttattttgtatcag
tttcagttcaactttatcaaatgaaaattagctttctgccagctttaggttttaaccaaattttattaga
aagggagggtgatcaacttaatataatgaattcggcaacagaagagcatcatcataaagattatattaaa
ctatataatttaggtggcggtgctgctaaaaaaattgcaatagaggttttattgggtaatgataaagtca
ttcagaaaaaatacgtgaatattttacctagtaaagaagggtacatgttaccaattaataaaaatgtgta
cgaagaattagaaagaacgattgagaacaatggttatgaagctgatttgaatgtacgtatgacttattat
cataatgtaagtcgcaaacaacaggaagttatattaaaaggtcaaatcgaccgttttaatacttataata
ataaagaaatttatgatttgcagtttatctaa
>Potential gene 9:10657..11385, 729 bp
atgaaaaaagtaatggggatattattagcaagtacacttatcttaggtgcttgtggacatcatcaagata
gtgcaaaaaaagagagcactagtcacaaaaagaaagaaaatgacaatgaagaattaaatgaagaacttaa
agaatttaaaagcaaaaaaaatatggatataaaaattaaaggcgatactattgttagtgacaaatttgaa
gctaaaataaaagaaccgtttatcatcaatgaaaaagatgagaaaaagaaatatatcgcttttaaaatgg
aaattactgctaaaaaagacgataaagatttaaatccatcttctatttctcatgactatattaatatcac
tcaagatgataaaaatacagtaaataaattaagagatggttatcttttaagtgataaaaaatataaagat
tggacagaacataaccaagatcaaattaaaaaaggcaaaactgcacaagccatgtttatctatgaattaa
gaggtgatggaaatattaatttaaatgtccataaatactcagaagataaaacagttgattctaaatcatt
caaatttagtaaacttaaaaccgaagatttttctcatagagcggaaacaagagaagaagtagaaaagaaa
gaaaaagaatttgaagaagagtacaaaaaagaacaagaacgagagaaagaaaaagaaaagcataaagatg
acgaccacagtggtttagatgaagtataa
>Potential gene 10:12095..12247, 153 bp
atgatttgtttgatttattatttcggggacgttcatggattcgacaggggtcccccgagctcattaagcg
tgtcggagggttgtcttcgtcatcaacacacacagtttataataactggcaaatcaaacaataatttcgc
agtagctgcctaa
>Potential gene 11:12314..12793, 480 bp
atgaggtgagtatgaatggctaagaagaaatcaccaggtacattagcggaaaatcgtaaagctagacatg
attataatattgaagacacgattgaagcgggaattgtattgcaaggcacagaaataaaatcaattcgccg
aggtagtgctaaccttaaagatagttatgcgcaagttaaaaacggtgaaatgtatttgaataatatgcat
atagcaccatacgaagaagggaatcgttttaatcacgatcctcttcgttctcgaaaattattattgcaca
agcgtgaaatcattaaattgggtgatcaaacacgtgagattggttattcgattgtgccgttaaagcttta
tttgaagcatggacattgtaaagtattacttggtgttgcacgaggtaagaaaaaatatgataaacgtcaa
gctttgaaagaaaaagcagtcaaacgagatgttgcgcgcgatatgaaagcccgttattaa
>Potential gene 12:12800..15172, 2373 bp
atgaatttaaagcaatcaatagaagagattattaatcaacctgaatatgaacctatgtcagtgtcagatt
ttcaagatgcattaggtttaagtagtgccgactcatttagagatttaattaaggtgctcgtagaattaga
acaatcaggattaattgaacgtacaaaaacagacagatatcaaaaaaagcatagttcaaaaggtcattca
aaattgataaagggaacgttaagtcaaaataaaaaaggctttgcattcttaagacctgaagatgaggata
tggaagatatatttattcccccaacaaaaattaatcgtgccttagatggagatactgtaattgtagaaat
acatcaatctaaaggtgaacataaaggtaaaattgaaggggaagttaagtcgattgagaagcattcagta
actcaagttgttggtacgtatagtgaagctagacatttcggatttgttattccagatgataaacgtatta
tgcaagatattttcattcctaaaggacaaagtttaggtgcagtagatgggcataaggtacttgttcaaat
tactaaatatgctgatggttcagataatccagaaggacatatttctgctattttaggacataaaaatgat
cctggcgtagatattttatctattatctatcaacatggcatagaaattgaatttcctgatgaagtgttac
aagaagctgaagcagtacctgatcatattgagaatactgaaattaaaggccgtcatgatttacgtgatga
attgacaatcacaattgatggtgctgatgctaaagacttagatgacgcaattagtgttaaaaagttagcg
aacggtaatacgcaattaactgtaagtattgctgatgtcagttattatgtaactgaagattcagctttag
ataaagaagcttatgatagagcgacaagtgtatatcttgttgaccgtgtgatcccgatgattccacatcg
attaagcaatggtatttgttcattaaatcctcacgttgatcgtttaacgttaagctgtcgcatggaaatt
gatgctagtggtcgcgttgttaaacatgaaatttttgatagtgttatacattctgattatcgaatgacgt
atgatgcggtaaatcagattattactgaaaaggatcctgcgattcgagagcagtataatgaaattacgcc
tatgctagatttagcacaagatttatctaatcgtttgattcaaatgagaaaacgacgtggtgaaatcgat
tttgatattagtgaagcaaaagtattagttaacgaagatggtatacctacagatgttcaattaagacaac
gtggcgagggtgaacgtctaattgaatcatttatgttaattgcaaatgaaacagttgctgaacattttag
taagttagatgtaccttttatttaccgagtgcatgagcaacctaaatcagatcgcttaagacaattcttt
gattttattacaaactttggcatcatgattaagggtactggcgaagatattcatccaacaacacttcaaa
aggttcaagaagaagtagaaggtcgacctgaacaaatggtcatttcaacaatgatgttacgttcaatgca
acaagcgcattatgatgatgtgaacttgggacattttggcttatcagctgaatattatacgcattttaca
tcaccaattagacgttatcctgatttaacagttcatcgtttaatccgtaagtatttaattgagaaatcaa
tggataacaaagaagtgaagcgttgggaagacaaattgcctgagttagctgaacatacttctaaacgtga
acgtcgtgctattgaggcagaacgtgatactgatgaattgaaaaaagcagaatatatgattcaacatatt
ggtgatgaatttgaaggtattgtcagctcagtagctaacttcggtatgttcattgaattgccaaatacga
tagaaggtatggttcatattgcgaatatgactgatgattattaccgttttgaagagcgtcaaatggcatt
aattggtgagcgtcaagctaaagtatttagaattggtgacacaattaaggttaaagtgacgcatgttgat
gtagatgaacgattaattgattttcaaattgtaggtatgcctttaccgaaaaatgatcgatcacagcgcc
cagcgcgaggtaagacaattcaagctaaaacgcgtggtaaatcattagataaatcgaaatctgatgataa
aggtcataagaaaaaaggtaagcaacgtaaaggtaaaaatgaacgtaaaaatgacaaatcaggaaacagt
aaacataagccattttataaagataaaagtgtgaaaaagaaagcacgtcgtaagaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 13:15206..15946, 741 bp
atgcagataaaattaccaaaacctttcttttttgaagaaggcaaacgtgccgtgttattattacatggat
ttacaggcaattcgtctgatgtacgtcaattaggtcgatttttacaaaaaaagggatatacttcgtatgc
accgcaatatgaaggtcatgcagcaccaccagaagagatacttcaatcaagtccttttgtttggtttaaa
gatgctttagatggctatgactaccttgttgaacaaggttatgatgaaatcgttgttgctggcttgtcat
taggtggcgattttgcattaaaattaagcttaaatagagatgtaaagggtattgtaacgatgtgtgcacc
tatgggtggcaaaactgaaggtgccatttatgaaggctttttagaatatgcacgcaattttaaaaagtat
gaaggtaaagatcaagaaacgattgacaacgaaatgcatcattttaaaccaactgaaactttaaaagaat
taagtgaagcattagatacgattaaagatcaagttgatgaggtgtttgacccaattttagtgattcaagc
agaaaacgacaatatgattgatccacaatccgcaaattatatatatgaacatgtagactctgacgataaa
aatatcaagtggtacagtgaatctggacatgttattacgattgataaagaaaaagaacaagtatttgaag
atatttatcaatttttagagtcattagattggtcagaataa
>Potential gene 14:16062..16337, 276 bp
atgatatactacttgtcgtatataaggaacggaggacaatttatgcatacatttttaatcgtattattaa
tcattgattgtattgcattaataactgttgtactactccaagaaggtaaaagcagtggactttcaggtgc
catcagtggtggtgctgagcagttattcggtaaacaaaaacaacgtggcgtcgatttattcttaaataga
ttaacaattattttatcaatattattttttgtacttatgatttgcataagttatcttggtatgtaa
>Potential gene 15:16362..16835, 474 bp
atgaggagtaaacaaatggctgatagaacgaataaagaaattaaaacaggacgctttattgcaactgcat
caatcgtattctcaatattattgattattcattactttgtttcgttggataatgcgactgccaaagcatt
acttaatttaacgaatcaaaacacttcagataaagcgattgattacattttaaacagctttagattcact
ggtattatgtatattttggcttatctagcaggcttcatcactttttggaatcgacatacttatgtgtggt
ggtttatgtttgcagtttatgtatcaaatagtttgtttacgttgattaatttatcaatcacaattcaagc
aataaaagctgcacacggtgcgtacttaacattgccaattttaattgttattataggttcggttgcatta
gcgatttatatgcttgttgtttcaattaagcgtaaaagtacatttaatcgctag
>Potential gene 16:17171..18475, 1305 bp
atgccaattattacagatgtttacgctcgcgaagtcttagactctcgtggtaacccaactgttgaagtag
aagtattaactgaaagtggcgcatttggtcgtgcattagtaccatcaggtgcttcaactggtgaacacga
agctgttgaattacgtgatggagacaaatcacgttatttaggtaaaggtgttactaaagcagttgaaaac
gttaatgaaatcatcgcaccagaaattattgaaggtgaattttcagtattagatcaagtatctattgata
aaatgatgatcgcattagacggtactccaaacaaaggtaaattaggtgcaaatgctattttaggtgtatc
tatcgcagtagcacgtgcagcagctgacttattaggtcaaccactttacaaatatttaggtggatttaat
ggtaagcagttaccagtaccaatgatgaacatcgttaatggtggttctcactcagatgctccaattgcat
tccaagaattcatgattttacctgtaggtgctacaacgttcaaagaatcattacgttggggtactgaaat
tttccacaacttaaaatcaattttaagcaaacgtggtttagaaactgcagtaggtgacgaaggtggtttc
gctcctaaatttgaaggtactgaagatgctgttgaaacaattatccaagcaatcgaagcagctggttaca
aaccaggtgaagaagtattcttaggatttgactgtgcatcatcagaattctatgaaaatggtgtatatga
ctacagtaagttcgaaggcgaacacggtgcaaaacgtacagctgcagaacaagttgactacttagaacaa
ttagtagacaaatatcctatcattacaattgaagacggtatggacgaaaacgactgggatggttggaaac
aacttacagaacgtatcggtgaccgtgtacaattagtgggtgacgatttattcgtaacaaacactgaaat
tttagcaaaaggtattgaaaacggaattggtaactcaatcttaattaaagttaaccaaatcggtacatta
actgaaacatttgatgcaatcgaaatggctcaaaaagctggttacacagcagtagtttctcaccgttcag
gtgaaacagaagatacaacaattgctgatatcgctgttgctacaaacgctggtcaaattaaaactggttc
attatcacgtactgaccgtattgctaaatacaatcaattattacgtatcgaagatgaattatttgaaact
gctaaatatgacggtatcaaatcattctacaacttagataaataa
>Potential gene 17:18605..20122, 1518 bp
atggctaagaaaccaactgcgttaattattttagatggttttgcgaaccgcgaaagcgaacatggtaatg
cggtaaaattagcaaacaagcctaattttgatcgttattacaacaaatatccaacgactcaaatcgaagc
gagtggcttagatgttggactacctgaaggacaaatgggtaactcagaagttggtcatatgaatatcggt
gcaggacgtatcgtttatcaaagtttaactcgaatcaataaatcaattgaagacggtgatttctttgaaa
atgatgttttaaataatgcaattgcacacgtaaattcacatgattcagcgttacacatctttggtttatt
gtctgacggtggtgtgcacagtcattacaaacatttatttgctttgttagaacttgctaaaaaacaaggt
gttgaaaaagtttacgtacacgcatttttagatggtcgtgacgtagatcaaaaatccgctttgaaataca
tcgaagagactgaagctaaattcaatgaattaggcattggtcaatttgcatctgtgtctggtcgttatta
tgcaatggaccgtgacaaacgttgggaacgtgaagaaaaagcttacaatgctattcgtaattttgatgcc
ccaacttatgcaactgccaaagaaggtgtagaagcaagctataatgagggcttaactgacgaattcgtag
taccattcatcgttgagaatcaaaatgacggtgttaatgatggagatgcagtgatcttctataatttccg
acctgatagagcagcacaattatcggaaatttttgcgaacagagcattcgaaggctttaaagttgaacaa
gttaaagacttattctatgcaacattcactaagtataacgacaatatcgatgcggctatcgttttcgaaa
aagttgatttaaataatacaattggtgaaattgcacaaaataacaatttaacacaattacgtattgcaga
aactgaaaaatatcctcacgttacttactttatgagtggtggacgtaacgaggaatttaaaggtgaacgc
cgtcgtttaattgattcacctaaagttgcaacgtatgacttgaaaccagaaatgagtgcttatgaagtta
aagatgcattattagaagagttaaataaaggtgacttggacttaattattttaaactttgctaaccctga
tatggttggacatagtggtatgcttgagccgacaatcaaagcaatcgaagcggttgatgaatgtttgggt
gaagtcgttgataagattttagacatggacggttatgcaattattactgctgaccatggtaactctgatc
aagtattgacggatgatgatcaaccaatgactacgcatacaacgaacccagtaccagtgattgtaacaaa
agaaggcgttacacttcgagaaactggtcgcttaggtgacttagcacctacattattagatttattaaat
gtagaacaacctgaagacatgacaggtgaatctttaattaaacactaa
>Potential gene 18:20125..20886, 762 bp
atgagaacaccaattatagctggtaactggaaaatgaacaaaacagtacaagaagcaaaagacttcgtca
atgcattgccaacattaccagattcaaaagaagtagaatcagtaatttgtgcaccagcaattcaattaga
tgcattaactactgcagttaaagaaggaaaagcacaaggtttagaaatcggtgctcaaaatacgtatttc
gaagataatggtgcgttcacaggtgaaacgtctccagttgcattagcagatttaggcgttaaatacgttg
ttatcggtcattctgaacgtcgtgaattattccacgaaacagataaagaaattaacaaaaaagcgcacgc
tattttcaaacatggaatgactccaattatatgtgttggtgaaacagacgaagagcgtgaaagtggtaaa
gctaacgatgttgtaggtgagcaagttaagaaagctgttgcaggtttatctgaaaatcaactaaaatcag
ttgtaattgcttatgaaccaatctgggcaatcggaactggtaaatcatcaacatctgaagatgcgaatga
aatgtgtgcatttgtacgtcaaactattgctgacttatcaagcaaagaagtatcagaagcaactcgtatt
caatatggtggtagtgttaaacctaacaacattaaagaatacatggcacaaactgatattgatggggcat
tagtaggtggcgcatcacttaaagttgaagatttcgtacaattgttagaaggtgcaaaataa
>Potential gene 19:21008..22198, 1191 bp
atggctaaaaaaattgtttctgatttagatcttaaaggtaaaacagtcctagtacgtgctgattttaacg
tacctttaaaagacggtgaaattactaatgacaaccgtatcgttcaagctttacctacaattcaatacat
catcgaacaaggtggtaaaatcgtactattttcacatttaggtaaagtaaaagaagaaagtgataaagca
aaattaactttacgcccagttgctgaagacttatctaagaaattagataaagaagttgttttcgtaccag
aaacacgcggcgaaaaacttgaagctgctattaaagaccttaaagaaggcgacgtattattagttgaaaa
tacacgttatgaagatttagacggtaaaaaagaatctaaaaatgatccagaattaggtaaatactgggca
tctttaggtgatgtgtttgtaaatgatgcttttggtactgcgcatcgtgagcatgcatctaatgttggta
tttctacacatttagaaactgcagctggattcttaatggataaagaaattaagtttatcggtggcgtagt
taacgatccacataaaccagttgttgctattttaggtggagcaaaagtatctgacaaaattaatgtcatc
aaaaacttagttaacatagctgataaaattatcatcggcggaggtatggcttatactttcttaaaagcgc
aaggtaaagaaattggtatttcattattagaagaagataaaatcgacttcgcaaaagatttattagaaaa
acatggtgataaaattgtattaccagtagacactaaagttgctaaagaattttctaatgatgccaaaatt
actgtagtaccatctgattcaattccagcagaccaagaaggtatggatattggaccaaacactgtaaaat
tatttgcagatgaattagaaggtgcgcacactgttgtatggaatggacctatgggtgtattcgagttcag
taactttgcacaaggtacaattggtgtatgtaaagcaattgcaaaccttaaagatgcaattacgattatc
ggtggcggtgattcagctgcagcagcaatctctttaggttttgaaaatgacttcactcatatttcaactg
gtggcggtgcgtcattagagtacctagaaggtaaagaattgcctggtatcaaagcaatcgataataaata
a
>Potential gene 20:22337..23347, 1011 bp
atggcagtaaaagtagcaattaatggttttggtagaattggtcgtttagcattcagaagaattcaagaag
tagaaggtcttgaagttgtagcagtaaacgacttaacagatgacgacatgttagcgcatttattaaaata
tgacactatgcaaggtcgtttcacaggtgaagtagaggtagttgatggtggtttccgcgtaaatggtaaa
gaagttaaatcattcagtgaaccagatgcaagcaaattaccttggaaagacttaaatatcgatgtagtat
tagaatgtactggtttctacactgataaagataaagcacaagctcatattgaagcaggcgctaaaaaagt
attaatctcagcaccagctactggtgacttaaaaacaatcgtattcaacactaaccaccaagagttagac
ggttctgaaacagttgtttcaggtgcttcatgtactacaaactcattagcaccagttgctaaagttttaa
acgatgactttggtttagttgaaggtttaatgactacaattcacgcttacacaggtgatcaaaatacaca
agacgcacctcacagaaaaggtgacaaacgtcgtgctcgtgcagcggcagaaaacatcatccctaactca
acaggtgctgctaaagctatcggtaaagttattcctgaaatcgatggtaaattagatggtggtgcacaac
gtgttcctgtagctacaggttcattaactgaattaacagtagtattagaaaaacaagacgtaacagttga
acaagttaacgaagctatgaaaaatgcttcaaacgaatcattcggttacactgaagacgaaatcgtttct
tcagacgttgtaggtatgacttacggttcattattcgacgctacacaaactcgtgtaatgtcagttggcg
accgtcaattagttaaagttgcagcttggtatgataacgaaatgtcatatactgcacaattagttcgtac
attagcatacttagctgaactttctaaataa
>Potential gene 21:23400..24359, 960 bp
atgtataaacgtttttctattcttactactatctcaaaaaatcagcctgtcggacgtcgaagtttaagcg
aacatatggatatgactgaacgtgtactgcgttctgaaacagatatgcttaagaaacaagatttgataaa
agttaagcctaccggaatggaaattacagctgaaggtgagcaactgatttcgcaattgaaaggttacttt
gatatctatgcagatgataatcgtctgtcagaaggtattaagaataaatttcaaattaaggaagttcatg
ttgttcctggtgatgctgataatagtcaatctgttaaaacagaattaggtagacaagcaggtcaattact
tgaaggcatattacaagaagacgcgatagttgctgtaactggcggatccacgatggcatgtgttagtgaa
gcaattcatttattaccatataatgtattcttcgtaccagccagaggtggactaggcgaaaatgttgtct
ttcaggcaaacacaattgcagccagtatggcacaacaagctggcggttattatacgacgatgtatgtacc
tgataatgtcagtgaaacaacatataacacattgttgttagagccatcagtcataaacactttagacaaa
attaaacaagcaaacgttatattacacggcattggtgatgcgctgaagatggcgcatcgacgtcaatcac
ctgaaaaggtcattgaacaacttcaacatcatcaagctgtcggagaggcatttggttattattttgatac
acaaggtcaaattgtccataaggttaaaacaattggacttcaattagaagaccttgaatcaaaagacttt
atttttgcagttgcaggaggcaaatcgaaaggtgaagcaattaaagcatacttgacgattgcacccaaga
atacagtgttaatcactgatgaagccgcagcaaagataatacttgaataa
>Potential gene 22:25112..25741, 630 bp
atgtcgaatcaaaattacgactacaataaaaatgaagatggaagtaagaagaaaatgagtacaacagcga
aagtagttagcattgcgacggtattgctattactcggaggattagtatttgcaatttttgcatatgtaga
tcattcgaataaagctaaagaacgtatgttgaacgaacaaaagcaggaacaaaaagaaaagcgtcaaaaa
gaaaatgcagaaaaagagagaaagaaaaagcaacaagaggaaaaagagcagaatgagctagattcacaag
caaaccaatatcagcaattgccacagcagaatcaatatcaatatgtgccacctcagcaacaagcacctac
aaagcaacgtcctgctaaagaagagaatgatgataaagcatcaaaggatgagtcgaaagataaggatgac
aaagcatctcaagataaatcagatgataatcagaagaaaactgatgataataaacaaccagctcagccta
aaccacagccgcaacaaccaacaccaaagccaaataataatcaacaaaacaatcaatcaaatcaacaagc
aaaaccacaagcaccacaacaaaatagccaatcaacaacaaataaacaaaataatgctaatgataagtag

>Potential gene 23:26122..26355, 234 bp
atgtcaataactttttttgaattgtattttaataaaaatgatataagttataataaaggtgtaccttcga
taacgaataaacatctcttaaaagtatgtgtaaaacgctgcatgatacaaacgaaggtaaaaatttgact
ccctttagtagtggacccgtacgtttatcgtgcgggtcgtttttatttatttcttattcccattatacat
caatttaaagcattaattttttaa
>Potential gene 24:26429..27400, 972 bp
atggggtgaatgataatgaaacaatacttaattactggtgggactggtatggttggatctcaattagtta
atgaaattaaaaaatcagattcacatatcacgatattaacgcgacacgaccaaatttcaaatgataagaa
aatttcatatgtcaactgggctaaatctgggtgggaacacaaagttcctcaaaatatcgatgtggtcatc
aacttagcaggtgctacattgaataaacgatggacaccggaatataaacaaacgctaatgctaagtagaa
ttcaatctacgcaagctttatatgaattgtttaaatcacgtaataaagcacctaaagttttatttaatgc
tagtgccactggttactatcctcctgatttatttatgagttacacagaagtttataaaactttacctttt
gatttcttatcagatattgtgtatcaatgggaacgtttcgcacaacaatttgaacaattaggtacacgag
ttgtcatcggtcgtttcggtataattttatcgaatgaaggcggtgcgttacaaacaatgaaactgccata
cgaatattacattggtggtaaattaggttctggtcaacaatggtattcatggattcatatcaatgattta
attcaagctattttatttttaataaataacgagtcagctagtggtccgtttaatttaactgcacctatac
ctgagcgtcaaaatttatttggctacactttagcaagagctatgcataagcctcatgaaacttgggcacc
aagtcttgcaatgcgtctcatacttggtcaaatgtcaacagtagtattggatactcaaaaagtattacct
aataaaattcaagcattgggattccaatttaaatatagtaatttaaaaatggcacttgaagatttaatta
gtaagtgagtgggacattgatctctctcctactccacttcaagcaaaaagtctaggagataa
>Potential gene 25:27555..29189, 1635 bp
atgaaaggcattgaattacttaacaatccatttttaaacaaaggtacagcttttactaacgaagaaagaa
aacagttagggcttgaaggtttattacctgcgaatgttcgaactttagaacaacaagcagaacaatgtta
tgaacaattcaaggcgaaacaaaccgattttgagaaacgtttatttttaatggcaatttttaatcgtaat
cgtacattgttttacaaattgacttcaaagcatttagttgaatttatgccaattatttatgaccctgtta
ttgctcaatcgattgaacaatataatgagaacttcagcagaccccaagatgcagtatttttatctgttga
tagacaagaccaaattgaacaagaattgcgcaacgttgcaaatggcagagatattcgattaattgtagtg
acagatgcggaaggtatattaggtatcggcgattggggtgttgatggtgtagatattgcgataggaaaat
taatagtatatacagcagcagctggaataaatccttcacaagtactacctgtatctttagatgtaggtac
taataatgaacaattactaaaggatgacctttatttaggaaatcgtcataaacgtgtcgatgatgagaca
tattacgcatttgtagataaatttgtgagtgcagtgcgtaaagaatatcctaatgcactattacattggg
aagattttggtagagggcatgccaaaaatattttagataaatatgaagatacgttaccaacttttaatga
tgatattcaaggtacaggtatagttacattagctggcgtactaggtgcattaaatatttctaaagtagat
tatacgaatcagacgtttttagtttatggtggtggtacagctggtatgggtattaccaatattttaaaag
atgaactaattaaacagggtgtttcagaagaaaaagcaaatcagcatttcttcattatggataaacaggg
attgttgtttgatgatatggatgatttaactgaagcgcaacaagtatttgctaaaaataggaatgaattt
tcaaatacagtaaactggaaaaatttaaaagaagtaattgaaaatattaagcctactgttttaatcggta
catcaactcagacaggtgcatttacagaagatgcagtaaaagagatgttaaaacatacagaacgtccaat
gattttcccattgtctaatcctacaaaattagcagaagcaactgcacaagatttattaaaatggactaac
ggaaaagcattaattggaactggtatcccatataatgacattgaatacaatggtgtgaattacagtattg
gtcaagcaaataatgcattgatgtatcctggtttaggtttgggacttattgcgtcaaaagcgaagaaagt
aaatcaacagattctatcagctgcgagtcatgcacttggtggcatggtcaatccagatgaaccaggtgct
gcagtcttaccacctgtcgagaaaatacatcaatgttctcgtgccatagccaaagcggttgcacaaagtg
tcattgatcaaggattaaacgctgaaactattgatgatattgacaaagcaattgaagctgaaatttggta
tcctgaatacaaatcatacatttaa
>Potential gene 26:29371..29958, 588 bp
atgaatttaattcctacagttattgaaacaacaaaccgcggtgaacgtgcatatgatatatactcacgtt
tattaaaagaccgtattattatgttaggttcacaaattgatgacaacgtagcaaattcaatcgtatcaca
gttattattcttacaagcgcaagactcagagaaagatatttatttatacattaattcaccaggtggaagt
gtaacagctggttttgcgatttatgatacaattcaacacattaaacctgatgttcaaacaatttgtatcg
gtatggctgcatcaatgggatcattcttattagcagctggtgcaaaaggtaaacgtttcgcgttaccaaa
tgcagaagtaatgattcaccaaccattaggtggtgctcaaggacaagcaactgaaatcgaaattgctgca
aatcacattttaaaaacacgtgaaaaattaaaccgcattttatcagagcgtactggtcaaagtattgaaa
aaatacaaaaagacacagatcgtgataacttcttaactgcagaagaagctaaagaatatggcttaattga
tgaagtgatggtacctgaaacaaaataa
>Potential gene 27:30521..31465, 945 bp
atgagctttgcatcagaaatgaaaaatgaattaactagaatagacgtcgatgaaatgaatgcaaaagcag
agctcagtgcactgattcgaatgaatggtgcacttagtctttcaaatcaacaatttgttataaatgttca
aacggaaaatgcaacaacggcaagacgtatttattcgttgattaaacgtgtctttaatgtggaagttgaa
atattagtccgtaaaaaaatgaagcttaaaaaaaataatatttatatttgtcgtacaaagatgaaagcga
aagaaattcttgatgaattaggaattttaaaagacggcatttttacgcatgaaattgatcattcaatgat
tcaagatgatgaaatgagacgcagttacttgagaggagcttttctggcaggtggctcagtgaataaccct
gaaacatcttcgtaccatttggaaattttttctcaaaatgagagtcatgcagaaggcttaacgaaactaa
tgaatagttatgagttgaatgccaaacatttagagcgaaaaaaaggaagtattacgtatttaaaagaagc
ggaaaagatttcggattttcttagtttgataggtggctatcaagcgttattaaaatttgaagacgtacgt
attgtaagagatatgcgtaattctgttaaccgactcgttaattgtgaaacggcaaatctaaataaaacag
ttagtgctgcgatgaaacaagttgagagcattaaattgattgataaagaaattggtattgaaaatttacc
agacaggttgagagagattgctagaattcgagtagaacatcaagaaatttcgttgaaagagcttggagaa
atggtatcaactggtccaatttcaaaatcaggtgtaaatcaccgattaagaaaacttaatgatttagccg
ataagattagaaatggtgaacaaatagaattataa
>Potential gene 28:31576..32571, 996 bp
atgagacaaataaaagttgtacttatcggtggtggcactggcttatcagttatggctaggggattaagag
aattcccaattgatattacggcgattgtaacagttgctgataatggtgggagtacagggaaaatcagaga
tgaaatggatataccagcaccaggagacatcagaaatgtgattgcagctttaagtgattctgagtcagtt
ttaagccaactttttcagtatcgctttgaagaaaatcaaattagcggtcactcattaggtaatttattaa
tcgcaggtatgactaatattacgaatgatttcggacatgccattaaagcattaagtaaaattttaaatat
taaaggtagagtcattccatctacaaatacaagtgtgcaattaaatgctgttatggaagatggagaaatt
gtttttggagaaacaaatattcctaaaaaacataaaaaaattgatcgtgtgtttttagaacctaacgatg
tgcaaccaatggaagaagcaatcgatgctttaagggaagcagatttaatcgttcttggaccagggtcatt
atatacgagcgttatttctaacttatgtgtcaatggtatttcagatgcgttaattcattctgatgcgcct
aagctatatgtttctaatgtgatgacgcaacctggggaaacagatggttatagcgtgaaagatcatatcg
atgcgattcatagacaagctggacaaccgtttattgattatgtcatttgtagtacacaaactttcaatgc
tcaagttttgaaaaaatatgaagaaaaacattctaaaccagttgaagttaataaggctgaacttgaaaaa
gaaagcataaatgtaaaaacatcttcaaatttagttgaaatttctgaaaatcatttagtaagacataata
ctaaagtgttatcgacaatgatttatgatatagctttagaattaattagtactattcctttcgtaccaag
tgataaacgtaaataa
>Potential gene 29:32559..33479, 921 bp
atggataataatgaaaaagaaaaaagtaaaagtgaactattagttgtaacaggtttatctggcgcaggta
aatctttggttattcaatgtttagaagacatgggatatttttgtgtagataatctaccaccagtgttatt
gcctaaatttgtagagttgatggaacaaggaaatccatccttaagaaaagtggcaattgcaattgattta
agaggtaaggaactatttaattcattagttgcagtagtggataaagttaaaagtgaaagtgacgtcatca
ttgatgttatgtttttagaagcaagtactgaaaaattaatttcaagatataaggaaacgcgtcgtgcaca
tcctttgatggaacaaggtaaaagatccttaatcaatgcaattaatgatgagcgagagcatttgtctcaa
attagaagtatagctaattttgttatagatactacaaagttatcacctaaagaattaaaagaacgcattc
gtcgatactatgaagatgaagagtttgaaacttttacaattaatgtcacaagtttcggttttaaacatgg
aattcagatggatgcagatttagtatttgatgtacgatttttaccaaatccatattatgtagtagattta
agacctttaacaggattagataaagacgtttataattatgttatgaaatggaaagagacggagattttct
ttgaaaaattaactgatttgttagattttatgatacctgggtataaaaaagaagggaaatctcaattagt
aattgccatcggttgtacgggtggacaacatcgatctgtagcattagcagaacgactaggtaattatcta
aatgaagtatttgaatataatgtttatgtgcatcatagggacgcacatattgaaagtggcgagaaaaaat
gagacaaataa
>Potential gene 30:33674..33862, 189 bp
atgaaaacgcgcttgcaacaagcttttttcaactctagtcaggggccccaacacagagaaattggatttc
caatttctacagacaatgcaagttggggtgtgggccccaacacagagaatttcgaaaagaaattctacag
gcaatgcgagttggggtgggacaacgataaagaaatactttttctatag
>Potential gene 31:34188..35123, 936 bp
atgactgaaatagattttgatatagcaattatcggtgcaggtccagctggtatgactgctgcagtatacg
catcacgtgctaatttaaaaacagttatgattgaaagaggtattccaggcggtcaaatggctaatacaga
agaagtagagaacttccctggtttcgaaatgattacaggtccagatttatctacaaaaatgtttgaacac
gctaaaaagtttggtgcagtttatcaatatggagatattaaatctgtagaagataaaggcgaatataaag
tgattaactttggtaacaaagaattaacagctaaagcggtcattattgctacaggtgcagaatacaagaa
aattggtgttccgggtgaacaagaacttggtggacgcggtgtaagttattgtgcagtatgtgatggtgca
ttctttaaaaataaacgcctattcgttatcggtggtggtgactcagcagtagaagagggaacattcttaa
ctaaatttgctgacaaagtaacaattgttcaccgtcgtgatgagttacgtgcacaacgtattttacaaga
tagagcattcaaaaatgataaaatcgactttatttggagtcatactttgaaatcaattaatgaaaaagac
ggcaaagtgggttctgtgacattaacgtctacaaaagatggttcagaagaaacacacgaggctgatggtg
tattcatctatattggtatgaaaccattaacagcgccatttaaagacttaggtattacaaatgatgttgg
ttatattgtaacaaaagatgatatgacaacatcagtaccaggtatttttgcagcaggagatgttcgcgac
aaaggtttacgccaaattgtcactgctaccggcgatggtagtattgcagcgcaaagtgcagcggaatata
ttgaacatttaaacgatcaagcttaa
>Potential gene 32:35190..36629, 1440 bp
atggcgcaaaagaataataacgtaattccaatgacttttgatgatgcattttatcgtaaaatggctaatc
agaagtttaaacaaagagaatataaacgagctgctgaatactttgaaaaagtgttagaattgtcacctga
tgatctggaaattcaaattgattatgcacaatgtctagtgcaacttggtattgctaaaaaagcagaacat
ttattttatgacaatattatttataataggcatctagaagatagcttttatgaattgagtcagctcaaca
ttgaagttaacgaaccaaacaaggcattcttgtttggtattaattatgttattgttagcgacgaccaaga
ttatagagatgaattagatcaaatgtttgatgtgaaatatcaaagtgaagaacaaattgaacttgaagct
caattgtttgtagttcaaatactattccaatatcttttttctcaaggtcgattaaaagatgcaaagaatt
atgtcttacatcaaccacaagaagttcaagatcatcgtgtcgtacgtaatttattggcaatgtgttattt
atatctcggcgaatatgacacggctaaagcattgtacgaagcactattacaagaggatagtacagatata
tatgcattatgccattatactttgctactttataacactaaggaaaatgaacaataccaaaaatatttaa
aaatattaaataaagttgtacctatgaatgacgatgaaagttttaaattaggtattgttttaagttattt
aaagcagtatcgtgcatcacaacaattgttgtaccctttatataaaaaagggaaatttttatcaattcaa
atgtacaatgctttagcatataattattattatttaggtgaagaagacgaaagtcattactactgggata
aattgaagcaaatttctaaagtggaaattggacatgcgccttgggtaattgaaaatagcaaagaagtttt
cgaccaacatattttgccattacttcaaagtgatgacagtcattatcgtttatatggtatttttttattg
gatcaattaaatggtaaagaaattgtgatgacggaaagtatttggcaggttctggaaaatctaaataatt
atgagaaattgtatttaacgtatttagttcaaggtttaacgctcaataaattagacttcattcatcgcgg
cttgttaacgctttaccataatgaattatttgtgagtgaaaatgatgtaatggttgcatggattaatcaa
ggtgaactcataattgctgaaaaagtagatttaactgatgttgagccatatatcggtgcgtttatttatt
tgtattttaaaaatcaacctcgaaatgttacaaagaaccaaattacaacatggttaggcataacacaata
taaactgaacaaaatgattgaatttctcttgagcatatag
>Potential gene 33:36613..36996, 384 bp
atggtactgaaaagacatatatataaacaacttttaaatattaatatcggtaatcaatcgtcgatagctt
acaaagtaatgttagatattttttacccagaactgattacgattggtagtaacagtgttattggttacaa
tgtaacaattttgacgcatgaagcattagttgatgaatttcgttatggaccagtgacgataggatctaac
actttgattggtgcaaatgctaccattttacccggtataacgattggtgacaatgtaaaagttgcagctg
gtacggttgtttcaaaagatataccggataatggatttgcatatggcaaccctatgtatataaaaatgat
taggaggtgacaattttatggcgcaaaagaataa
>Potential gene 34:37130..37969, 840 bp
atgggtattgtatttaactatatagatcctgtggcatttaacttaggaccactgagtgtacgatggtatg
gaattatcattgctgtcggaatactacttggttactttgttgcacaacgtgcactagttaaagcaggatt
acataaagatactttagtagatattattttttatagtgcactatttggatttatcgcggcacgaatctat
ttcgtgattttccaatggccatattacgcggaaaatccaggtgaaattattaaaatatggcatggtggta
tagcaatacatggtggtttaataggtggctttattgctggtgttattgtatgtaaagtgaaaaatttaaa
cccatttcaaattggtgatatcgttgcgccaagtataattttagcgcaaggaattggacgctggggtaac
tttatgaatcacgaggcacatggtggacctgtgtcacgcgcttttttagaacaattacatttgcctaatt
ttataatagaaaatatgtatatcaacggccaatattatcatccaacattcttatatgaatccatttggga
tgtcgctggatttattatcttagttaatattcgtaaacatttaaaattaggagaaacattctttttatat
ttaacttggtattcaattggtcgattctttatagaaggattacgtacagatagcttaatgctcacaagta
atattagagttgcacaattagtatcaattcttttaattttaataagtataagtttaattgtatatagaag
gattaagtataatccaccgttgtatagcaaagttggggcgcttccatggccaacaaaaaaagtgaagtag

>Potential gene 35:37975..38907, 933 bp
atgttaacgacagaaaaactagttgaaacattaaagttagatttaatcgctggtgaagaaggactatcga
agccaattaaaaatgctgatatatcaagaccgggcttagagatggcaggttatttttcacattatgcgtc
agatagaatacaactattaggaacaacggaactatcgttttacaatttattaccagataaggatcgcgca
ggtcgtatgcgtaaactatgcagaccagaaacgcctgcaattattgtgacacgtggattgcagccaccag
aagaattagttgaagctgcaaaagaattaaatacgccacttatagttgctaaagatgcaactacaagttt
aatgagtcgattaacaacgtttttagagcatgcacttgcaaagacgacatctttacatggtgttttagtg
gatgtttacggtgtaggcgtattaattaccggtgattctggtattggtaaaagtgagactgcgttagaat
tagtgaagcgtgggcatagactagtagcagatgataatgtagaaatacgtcaaattaataaagatgaact
aatagggaaaccaccaaagttaatagaacatctattagaaatacgtggactaggtattatcaatgttatg
actttatttggcgcgggttcaatattaactgaaaaacgaattagattaaatattaatttggaaaactgga
acaagcaaaagttatatgaccgcgtaggtcttaatgaagagacgttaagtattttagatactgaaataac
taaaaaaacaatacctgtaagacctggtagaaatgttgcggtaattattgaggtcgctgcaatgaactat
cgattaaatatcatgggcattaacactgccgaagaatttagtgaaagattaaatgaagaaattatcaaga
acagtcataagagtgaggagtag
>Potential gene 36:39399..42245, 2847 bp
atgaaagaaccatccatagtagtaaaaggtgctcgtgcgcataacttgaaagatattgatatcgaactac
ctaaaaataaattaattgttatgacaggattatctgggtcaggtaaatcgtcattagcattcgatactat
atatgctgaaggacaacgacgttatgttgaatcattaagtgcctatgcgcgtcaatttttaggccaaatg
gacaaaccagatgttgatacaatcgaaggattatcgccagcaatttcaatagatcaaaaaacaacaagta
aaaatccaagatcaactgttgcaacagtaacagaaatatatgattatatacgtttgttatatgcacgtgt
tggtaaaccttactgtccaaatcacaatatagaaattgaatcacaaacagtacaacaaatggttgaccgc
attatggagttagaggcacgtacaaagattcaattattagcacctgtcatcgctcatcgtaaaggtagtc
atgaaaagctaatcgaagatattggtaaaaaaggttatgtacgtttaagaatcgatggcgaaattgttga
tgtaaatgatgtacctacattagataagaacaagaatcatacaatagaagttgttgtagaccgattagtt
gttaaagatggaattgaaacacgactagctgactctatagaaactgcgttagagctttcagaaggacaat
taacagttgatgtcattgacggggaagaccttaagttttcagaaagccatgcttgtcctatatgtggatt
ttcaatcggagaattagaaccaagaatgtttagctttaatagtccttttggtgcttgtccaacatgtgat
ggcttaggccaaaagttaacagtcgatgtagacttggttgttccagacaaagataagacgctaaacgaag
gtgcaatagaaccttggataccgacgagttctgatttttatccaacattgttaaaacgtgtttgtgaagt
ttataaaatcaatatggataaaccttttaaaaagttaacagaacgtcaacgtgatattttattgtatggt
tcgggtgacaaagaaattgaatttacatttacacaacgtcaaggtggtactagaaaacgaacaatggttt
tcgagggtgtagttcctaatataagtagacgattccatgaatctccttcagaatatacacgtgaaatgat
gagtaaatatatgactgaactaccttgtgaaacttgtcatggaaagcgattgagtcgtgaagcgttatct
gtttatgtaggtggtttaaatattggtgaagtagtcgaatactcaatcagtcaagcgctgaactattata
aaaacattgatttgtcagaacaagatcaagcgattgcaaatcaaatattgaaagaaattatttcccgact
cacttttttaaataatgtcggacttgaatatttaacgctaaacagagcttcaggtacactttcaggtggt
gaagcacaacgtattcgattggcaacgcaaattgggtcgcgtttgactggtgtcttatatgtattagatg
agccatcaattggactgcatcaaagagataatgatcgattaattaatacacttaaagaaatgagagattt
aggaaatactttaattgtagttgaacacgatgatgatacaatgcgtgcggctgattacttagtggatata
gggcctggtgctggtgaacatggaggacaaattgtgtctagtgggacacctcaaaaggtaatgaaagata
aaaaatctttaacaggacaatacttgagtggtaagaaacgtattgacgtacctgaatatcgcagaccggc
ttcagatcgtaaaatttctatacgtggagctagaagtaacaaccttaaaggcgttgatgtggacatacca
ctatcaatcatgacggtcgttacaggtgtatcaggttctggtaaaagctcattagtaaatgaagtattat
acaaatcattagctcaaaaaatcaataaatctaaagtaaagccaggattgtacgataagattgaaggtat
tgatcaacttgataaaattattgatattgatcaatcaccgataggtagaacgccacgctctaatccagca
acatatactggtgtgtttgatgatatacgtgatgtgtttgcgcaaacaaatgaagctaaaatccgaggat
atcaaaaagggcgttttagttttaatgtaaaaggtggacgctgtgaagcttgtaaaggtgacggtattat
taaaattgaaatgcattttttacctgatgtttatgttccttgtgaagtgtgtgatggtaaacgatataat
cgtgagacactagaggttacttacaaaggtaaaaatattgctgacattttagaaatgactgttgaagaag
caacacaattttttgaaaatattcctaagattaagcgcaagttacaaacactagttgatgttggtcttgg
atacgtcacattaggtcaacaagctacaacgttatcaggtggtgaggctcaacgtgtgaaacttgcatct
gaacttcataaacgttcaactggtaaatctatttatatcctagacgaaccaacaacagggttacatgttg
acgatattagcagattattaaaagtattaaaccgattagttgaaaatggtgatactgttgtaattattga
acataacctagatgttatcaaaacagcagactatattatcgacttaggtcctgaaggtggtagtggcggt
ggtactattgttgcgactggcacacccgaagatattgctcagacaaagtcatcctatacaggaaagtatt
taaaagaagtacttgaacgagataaacaaaatactgaagataaataa
>Potential gene 37:42202..44238, 2037 bp
atggttgaacattatccttttaaaatacattctgattttgagcctcaaggtgaccaaccgcaagcaatta
aggaaatcgtggaaggtattaaagcggggaaaagacatcaaactttattaggtgcaactggcacagggaa
aacatttacgatgagtaatgttattaaagaagttgggaaaccaacgttaattatcgcgcataacaaaaca
ttagcaggacaattatatagtgagtttaaagaattttttcctgaaaacagggtggaatactttgtaagtt
actatgattattatcaacctgaggcatacgtaccgtctactgacacttttattgaaaaagatgcctcaat
caatgatgaaattgatcaactacgacattctgctacaagtgcattatttgaacgcgatgatgtaattatt
attgctagtgtaagttgtatatatggtttaggtaatcctgaagaatataaagatttagtagtaagtgttc
gagttggtatggaaatggatagaagtgaattacttagaaaacttgtagatgtgcaatatacacgaaatga
catcgatttccaacgaggaacgtttcgagtgcgtggtgatgtagttgaaatattcccagcctctaaagaa
gaactttgtataagggttgagtttttcggcgatgagattgaccgtatccgagaagttaactacctaacag
gtgaagtgttgaaagaaagagaacattttgcgatattcccagcttctcacttcgtaacacgtgaagaaaa
gttgaaagttgcgattgaacgtattgaaaaagaattggaagaacgattgaaagaattacgaaatgagaat
aaattactagaagcgcaaaggttagaacagcgtaccaactatgatttagaaatgatgcgagagatgggat
tctgttcaggaattgaaaactattccgtacatttaactttgcgaccactgggttcgacaccatatacttt
attggattactttggcgatgattggttagtaatgattgatgaatcacatgtgacattaccgcaagttcga
ggcatgtataacggagacagagcgcgtaaacaagttttggtggatcatggatttagattaccgagtgcat
tagataaccgtcctcttaaatttgaagaatttgaagaaaagacaaaacaacttgtgtatgtatctgcaac
gcctggaccatacgaaattgaacatacggataagatggttgaacaaattattcgtcctactggtttactg
gatcctaagattgaggttagacctactgaaaatcaaattgacgatttattaagtgaaattcaaacaaggg
ttgaacgtaatgaacgcgtacttgttacaacgctcactaaaaagatgagtgaagatttaaccacatacat
gaaagaagcgggtattaaagttaattatctgcattcagaaatcaagacattagaacgaatcgaaataatt
agagacttacgaatgggtacatatgatgttatcgtaggtattaatttattaagagagggtattgatatac
cagaagtttctctagttgtcatattagatgcagataaagaaggatttttacgttctaaccgctctttaat
tcaaacaataggtagagctgcgcgtaacgataaaggtgaagtcattatgtatgccgataaaatgactgat
tcgatgaagtatgcaattgatgagacacaacgtcgtcgagaaatacagatgaaacataatgaaaaacatg
gtattacacctaaaacaattaataaaaaaatacatgatttaattagtgctactgttgaaaatgacgaaaa
taatgacaaagcacaaactgtgatacctaagaagatgacgaaaaaagaacgtcaaaagacaatcgacaat
atagaaaaagaaatgaaacaagcagcgaaagatttagatttcgagaaagctacagaattaagagatatgt
tatttgaattaaaagcagaagggtgacaagtaaatgaaagaaccatccatagtagtaaaaggtgctcgtg
cgcataa
>Potential gene 38:44507..44743, 237 bp
atgatatggtattttagcgcagcattctttccatgtgtcttggtagtattatttagtgtaataacaagaa
gtaaatgggtcggtactattctgacattaattttaattggtgcctcaatctataaagagtatttccataa
cgagtggattatttttattgatgtagtgtcattattagctggttatttaattatagatcaactcgaattt
cataaacatcaagatgaagatcgctaa
>Potential gene 39:44698..45408, 711 bp
atggaggaggtaattgaaatgggtgtacatcaatattttaaaagattatcagatatggaaagacttataa
gattacctggaaaatttaaatattttgaacacaatgttgcagcacactcctttaaagtaactaaaattgc
tcaatatctagcaacagttgaagaatatcatggacgaaagattaattggaaaagcttatatgaaaaagca
ttaaatcatgatttcgctgaagtgtttactggtgatataaaaacacctgttaaatatgcgagtagtgaat
taaaaaaattattttcgcaagttgaagaagaaatggtagagacctttattgaagaagaaattccattaca
atatagagatgtttataagcaacgactgcaagaaggtaaagatgattcattagaaggccaaatactttca
gttgctgataaaattgatttgctttatgaaacatttggagaaatacaaaaacgtaatcctgaagaattat
ttttcgaaatttatgaaatgagtctagaaacaattattcaattcgaccatttagcatctgtacaagattt
tattaataatatcattccagaaatgttgactgaaaactttatacctagaacagaattaagagaaacaacc
atgaacattttaaataaaagaaaagaggaaaatgaatgatatggtattttagcgcagcattctttccatg
tgtcttggtag
>Potential gene 40:45564..46403, 840 bp
atgaaaaaatctcttacagtgacggtttcgtcagtgttagcttttttagctttaaataatgcagcacatg
cacaacaacatggcacacaagtaaaaacacctgttcaacataattatgtatcaaatgttcaagcacaaac
gcaatcaccgacaacttatacagtagttgctggcgattcattatataagattgcattagagcatcactta
acgttgaatcaattatattcatacaatcctggtgtaacacctttaatttttcctggtgacgtgatttcac
ttgtgcctcaaaataaagtgaaacaaactaaagcggttaaatcaccagtaagaaaagcaagccaagctaa
aaaggtagtacaacaacctgtacaacaagcgtctaaaaaagtagtagttaagcaagcacctaagcaagca
gtagctaagacagttaatgtagcatacaaacctgctcaagtacaaaaatcagttccaactgtacctgttg
cacataactacaataaatcagttgctaacagaggaaacttatatgcttatggaaactgcacatattatgc
tttcgatcgtcgtgcacaattaggtagaagtataggaagtttatggggcaatgcaaataactggaattac
gcagcaaaagttgcaggatttaaagtagataaaacaccagaagttggcgctattttccaaacagctgctg
gcccatatggacatgttggtgttgttgaatctgtaaaccctaatggaacaattactgtttctgaaatgaa
ctatgctggatttaatgttaaatcttcaagaacaattttaaatccaggaaaatataattacatccactaa

>Potential gene 41:46811..47806, 996 bp
atgatggcagaacctaatttttgggataaccaaacgaaagcgcaagatattatagataaaaataatgcgt
taaaagcaatagttaatggttataaaacactacaagcagaagtagatgacatggatgctacttgggattt
attacaagaagaatttgatgaagaaatgaaagaagacttagagcaagaggtcatttattttaaggctaaa
gtggatgaatacgaattgcaattattattagatgggcctcacgatgccaataatgcaattctagagttac
atcctggtgcaggtggcacggagtctcaagattgggctaatatgctatttagaatgtatcaacgttattg
tgagaagaaaggttttaaagttgaaactgttgattatttacctggagatgaagcagggattaaaagtgta
acattgctcatcaaagggcataatgcttatggttatttaaaagctgaaaaaggtgtacaccgactagtac
gaatttctccatttgattcatcaggacgtcgtcatacatcatttgcatcatgtgacgtgattccagattt
taataatgatgaaatagagattgaaatcaatccggatgatattacagttgatacattcagagcttctggt
gcaggtggtcagcatattaacaaaactgaatcggcaatacgaattacccaccacccctcaggtatagttg
ttaataaccaaaatgaacgttctcaaattaaaaaccgtgaagcagctatgaaaatgttaaagtctaaatt
atatcaattaaaattggaagagcaggcacgtgaaatggctgaaattcgtggcgaacaaaaagaaatcgga
tggggaagccaaattagatcatatgttttccatccatactcaatggtgaaagatcatcgtacgaacgaag
aaacaggtaaggttgatgcagtgatggatggagatattggaccatttatcgaatcatatttaagacagac
aatgtcacacgattaa
>Potential gene 42:48236..50767, 2532 bp
atgggatttttatcaaaaattcttgatggcaataataaagaaattaaacagttaggtaaacttgctgata
aagtaatcgctttagaagaaaaaacggcaattttaactgatgaagaaattcgtaataaaacgaaacaatt
ccaaacagaattagctgacattgataatgtcaaaaagcaaaatgattatttagataaaattttaccagaa
gcatatgcacttgttagagaaggctctaaacgtgtattcaatatgacaccatataaagttcaaattatgg
gtggtattgcaattcataaaggtgatatcgctgagatgagaacaggtgaaggtaaaacgttaacagcgac
aatgccaacatacttaaatgcattagctggtagaggtgttcacgttattacagtcaatgaatatttatca
agtgttcaaagtgaagaaatggctgagttatataacttcttaggtttgactgtcggattaaacttaaaca
gtaagacgactgaagaaaaacgtgaagcatatgcgcaagacattacttacagtactaacaatgagttagg
ttttgactatttaagagataacatggtgaattattctgaagatagagtaatgcgtccattacatttcgca
atcattgatgaggttgactcaattttaattgatgaggcacgtacgccattaattatttctggtgaagctg
aaaagtcaacgtcactttatacacaagcaaatgtttttgcgaaaatgttaaagcaggacgaagattataa
atatgatgaaaaaacaaaagcagtacatttaacagaacaaggtgcggataaagctgaacgtatgttcaaa
gttgaaaacttatatgatgtacaaaatgttgatgttattagtcatatcaacacagctttacgtgcgcacg
ttacattgcaacgtgacgtagactatatggttgttgatggcgaagtattaattgtcgaccaatttacagg
acgtacaatgccaggccgtcgtttctcggaaggtttacaccaagctattgaagcgaaggaaggcgttcaa
attcaaaatgaatctaaaactatggcgtctattacattccaaaactatttcagaatgtacaataaacttg
cgggtatgacaggtacagctaaaactgaagaagaagaatttagaaatatttataacatgacagtaactca
aattccgacaaataaacctgtgcaacgtaacgataagtctgatttaatttacattagccaaaaaggtaaa
tttgatgcagtagtagaagatgttgttgaaaaacacaaggcagggcaaccagtgctattaggtactgttg
cagttgagacttctgaatatatttcaaatttactaaaaaaacgtggtatccgtcatgatgtgttaaatgc
gaaaaatcatgaacgtgaagctgaaattgttgcaggcgctggacaaaaaggtgccgttactattgccact
aacatggctggtcgtggtacagatatcaaattaggtgaaggcgtagaggaattaggcggtttagcagtaa
taggtacagaacgacatgaatctcgtcgtattgatgaccagttacgtggtcgttctggacgtcaaggtga
taaaggggatagtcgcttctatttatcattacaagatgaattaatgattcgttttggttctgaacgttta
cagaaaatgatgagccgactaggtttagatgactctacaccaattgaatcaaaaatggtatcaagagctg
tagaatcagcacaaaaacgtgtagaaggtaataacttcgacgcgcgtaaacgtatcttagaatacgatga
agtattacgtaaacaacgtgaaattatctataacgaaagaaatagtattattgatgaagaagacagctct
caagttgtagatgcaatgctacgttcaacgttacaacgtagtatcaattactatattaatacagcagatg
acgagcctgaatatcaaccattcatcgactacatcaatgacattttcttacaagaaggtgacattacaga
ggatgatatcaaaggtaaagatgctgaagatattttcgaagtcgtttgggctaagattgaagcagcatat
caaagtcaaaaagatatcttagaagaacaaatgaatgagtttgagcgtatgattttacttcgttctattg
atagccattggactgatcatatcgacacaatggatcaattacgtcaaggtattcacttacgttcttatgc
acagcaaaatccattacgtgactatcaaaatgaaggtcatgaattatttgatatcatgatgcaaaatatc
gaagaagatacttgtaaattcattttaaaatctgtagtacaagttgaagacaatattgaacgtgaaaaaa
caacagagtttggtgaagcgaagcacgtttcagctgaagatggtaaagaaaaagtgaaaccgaaaccaat
cgttaaaggcgatcaagttggtcgtaacgatgattgtccatgtggtagtggtaaaaaattcaaaaattgc
catggaaaataa
>Potential gene 43:51001..51282, 282 bp
atgatttctttgtattcacagacagagaaactgatggaacaagtatcgtttaccgccgtaaagacggtaa
atatggcttgattcaaactagtgaacaataaattaagtttaaagcacttgtgtttttgcacaagtgcttt
ttttagacttcaaaagcaatttctaactatttcacagttcgtttgtgcaatttgttgaatgaaacatagt
gactatgctaatgttaatggatgtatatatttgaatgttaagttaataatagtatgtcagtctattgtat
ag
>Potential gene 44:51182..51754, 573 bp
atgattagatttgaaattcatggagataacctcactatcacagatgctattcgcaactatattgaggaaa
aaattggtaagttggaacgttattttaatgacgtaccaaatgcagtggcgcatgttaaagttaaaactta
ttcaaattcagctactaaaattgaagtaacaattccattgaaaaatgttacgttaagagctgaagagcga
aacgatgatttatacgcaggtattgatttaattaataataaacttgaaagacaagttcgaaaatataaaa
cacgtattaatcgtaagagccgtgatcgaggagatcaagaagtgtttgttgccgaattacaagaaatgca
agaaacacaagttgataatgacgcttacgatgataacgagatagaaattattcgttcaaaagaattcagc
ttaaaaccaatggattcagaagaagcggtattacaaatgaatctattaggtcatgatttctttgtattca
cagacagagaaactgatggaacaagtatcgtttaccgccgtaaagacggtaaatatggcttgattcaaac
tagtgaacaataa
>Potential gene 45:51815..52489, 675 bp
atgaataattgtttgagttgtggtgctaagttatatgaaaatataaccatttataatttgttcaagaaac
ctaatagattatgtgacagatgcaaagagaattgggacaatattaaacttgatattaaagcaaggcgatg
ttcaagatgcttaaaatacttaaatcaaaatgaagcgtattgtttagactgcaagtttctatcggcacac
tttaatttaatggaacaattatattgtcaatttcaatatgatggtttaatgaaagagatgatacatcagt
ataaatttttgaaagactattatttatgtgaattattggcacatttgattgaaataccacaaacatctta
tgactatattgtgccaattccttcttcgccggcacatgatttatctagaacatttaacccggtagaagca
gtactaaaagctaaagggattcgctttgataagattttaaagatgtcaaatagaccaaaacagtctcatt
taactaagaaagagcgtctggcagatgaaaatccatttattattgatacggaattagatttgaacggcaa
ggaaatattactcgttgacgatatttatacaactggattaacaattcatcgtgcagggtgtaaattatat
gctaaaaatatcagaaaattcaaagtgtttgcgtttgcacgatag
>Potential gene 46:52482..53564, 1083 bp
atggataatgtaacaagatataaaataacagagagttcgcaaagttcatcacaagcctattatcatctct
catttgaattgtcggaacagcagtcttatgcctcagaacatattgttcgagccattagaatgagacaaac
gattttgttatatgcagtaacaggtgcaggtaagacagaaatgatgtttcaaggcattcaatatgcaaga
cgacagggagataatatagctattgtgtcaccacgtgtagatgttgttgtagaaattagtaaacgtatta
aagacgcatttcttaatgaagatatagacatactacaccagcaatcaagtcaacaatttgaagggcattt
tgttgtatgcacagtgcatcaactttaccgattcaaacagcactttgatactatttttattgatgaagtc
gatgcctttcctttatcaatggataaaagtttacaacaagcattgaagtcatcttctaaagttgaacatg
caacaatttatatgacagcaacaccaccgaaacaacttctgtcagagattccccacgaaaatgtaattaa
attgccagctcgctttcataaaaaatcacttccagttcctaaatatcgctatttcaaactcaataataat
aagattcagaaaatgttatatcgaattttacaagatcaaattaataaacaacgttatacactggtgtttt
ttaacaatatagaaacaatgattaaaacattttcggtttataagcagaaaattactaaattaacatatgt
ccatagcgaggatgtttttcgctttgaaaaagttgaacaattaaggaatggacaatttgatgtcattttt
actacgacaatattagaacgtggatttacaatggcaaatttggatgtggttgttatcgatgcgcatcaat
atactcaagaggctttaatacaaattgctggacgtgttggacgaaaattagaatgtcctactggaaaagt
attgttttttcatgaaggagtaagtatgaatatgattcaagctaaaaaagagattcaaaagatgaacaaa
ttagcattaaaaagaggttggattgatgaataa
>Potential gene 47:53928..54476, 549 bp
atggttgaaggtgttaatgtacatgcatttgatagtaagcttgcagcaatgattgaaggttgttatgtat
tacgtgctattgaaatggttgaagaaggatacgaaccacagcaaattattgatgatttaactaatatgcg
tgaacacactggtgcatatttaattgttgatgacttaaagaatttacaaaaaagtggtcgaattactggt
gctcaagcatgggttggaacattattaaaaatgaagccagttcttaagtttgaagatggcaagattatac
cagaagaaaaagttcgtactaaaaagcgtgccattcaaacattagaaaagaaagtgttagacattgtaaa
agactttgaagaagtaactttatttgtcataaatggagatcattttgaagatggtcaagcgttatacaaa
aagttacaagaagattgtccttcaggttatcaagtagcatactctgagtttggtccagttgttgcagcac
atttaggttctggtggattaggtttaggctatgttggcagaaaaataagattaacataa
