
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:3..197, 195 bp
atgtatattgcacaagccaaatgcccttccaatctcaatgccttatcatttctattatcaaaaattacga
gtcattcaaagacaaataaaaaaggtaaatactcaaaatttgagcacttaccttcattatatatagtatt
taatataaatattgatggcggaggaagagggattcgaacccccgcgagccgttaa
>Potential gene 2:157..366, 210 bp
atggcggaggaagagggattcgaacccccgcgagccgttaagcccctgtcggttttcaagaccgatccct
tcagccggacttgggtattcctcctaaacacaatatttatcatatatgaacgttctgtaaaagtcaatat
tgtttttaagcattacatgattaccacaaatcattgtcttccactacagttgacctataaacgaatgtaa

>Potential gene 3:519..1982, 1464 bp
atgggtgaatttaaaggatttatgaagtatgacaaacagtacttaggtgaattatcactggtagaccgtt
tgaagcatcataaagcatatcaacaacgatttactaaagaagatgcctctatccaaggtgcgcgatgtat
ggattgtggaacgccgttttgtcaaaccggacaacagtatggtagggaaacaataggttgtccaattgga
aactacattcctgaatggaacgacttagtgtatcatcaagattttaaaactgcttatgaacgcttaagcg
aaacaaataactttcctgactttacagggcgtgtatgtcctgcaccatgcgaaagtgcttgtgtgatgaa
gattaatagagaatcgattgcgattaaaggtattgaacgcacaattattgatgaagcttttgaaaatggt
tgggtagcgccgaaagttccgagtcgccgtagagatgaaaaagtggcaatcgttggaagcggtccagcag
gattaactgctgctgaagaacttaatctactaggatatcaagtaactatttatgaacgtgctagagaatc
aggcggtttattaatgtatggtattccgaatatgaaacttgataaagatgtggttcgacgtcgtattaag
ttaatggaagaagcgggcattactttcattaatggtgttgaagtaggcgttgatattgataaagcaacgt
tagaatctgagtatgatgccattatattatgtactggtgcacaaaaaggtagagatttacctttagaagg
acgcatgggtgatggtatacatttcgctatggattatttaactgaacaaacgcagctgttaaatggagaa
attgatgatattacaataactgcaaaagataagaatgtcattatcattggtgctggtgatacaggggcag
actgtgtagcgacagcattaagagaaaattgtaaatcgattgttcaatttaataaatatacgaaattgcc
agaagcaattacatttacagaaaatgcatcatggcctttagcaatgccggtgtttaaaatggactatgcg
caccaagagtacgaagctaagtttggtaaggaaccacgtgcatatggtgttcaaacaatgcgttacgatg
ttgacgataaaggacacatacgtggtttgtatactcaaattttagagcaaggcgaaaatggtatggtcat
gaaagaaggacctgaaagattttggcctgctgaccttgtattattatcaatcggcttcgaaggtacagaa
ccaactgtaccgaatgcttttaacattaaaacggatagaaatcgaatcgtggcggatgatacaaactatc
aaactaataatgaaaaagtatttgctgctggagatgctagacgtggtcaaagtttagttgtatgggcgat
taaagaaggtagaggcgtagcgaaagcagtagatcagtatttagcgagtaaagtttgtgtataa
>Potential gene 4:2000..6499, 4500 bp
atgcacaatgagaaattaattaaaggcttatatgactatcgtgaggaacatgatgcgtgtggtattggtt
tttatgcgaatatggataataaaaggtctcacgacatcattgataaatcgcttgaaatgttgcgacgctt
agatcataggggcggggtcggcgcagatggcatcactggtgatggcgcaggtattatgactgaaatacct
tttgcatttttcaaacaacatgtaacggactttgatatcccaggtgaaggtgaatatgccgtggggttat
ttttttccaaagaacgcgttttaggttctgaacatgaagcagtttttaaaaaatattttgaaggcgaagg
gttatcaattcttggttatcgtaatgtaccagttaataaagatgccattgctaaacatgtagcagatacg
atgccagtcattcaacaagtgtttattgatattagggacattgaagatgttgaaaagcatttgtttttag
cgagaaaacaattagagttttattcgactcagtgcgatttagaattgtattttacgagcttatcacgcaa
aacaattgtatataaaggttggttacgatcagaccaaattaaaaaactctatacagatttatcggatgat
ttatatcaatcaaagctagagttagtgcattcgagatttagtacgaatacattcccaagttggaaaaggg
cacatcctaaccgtatgttaatgcataatggtgagattaacacgattaaaggtaatgtaaactggatgcg
agcacgccaacataaattaatcgaaacattatttggcgaggatcaacataaagtgtttcaaattgtcgat
gaggatggtagtgactctgctattgtagataatgcgctagagttcttatcgttagccatggagccagaaa
aggcagcgatgttactcatacctgaaccttggttatataatgaagcgaatgatgcaaatgtacgtgcgtt
ttatgaattttatagttatttaatggaaccgtgggatggtcctacaatgatttcgttctgtaacggtgac
aaacttggcgcgcttacagatagaaatggattacgtccaggtcgttatacgattactaaagataacttta
ttgtcttttcatctgaagtgggtgttgtggacgtacctgaaagtaatgttgcttttaaaggtcaattgaa
tcctggaaagttattgcttgttgattttaaacagaataaagtcattgaaaataatgatttaaaaggtgcg
attgctggagaattaccatataaagcgtggattgataaccataaagttgactttgattttgaaaatatac
aatatcaagattcgcaatggaaagatgagacgttatttaaattacaacgtcagtttgcatacacgaaaga
agagattcataagtatattcaggaacttgtagaaggtaagaaggatcctatcggtgcaatgggatatgat
gcgccaattgcagtgttgaacgagcgaccagaatcactatttaattactttaaacagctgtttgcacaag
ttacgaatccaccaattgatgcgtatcgtgaaaaaatcgtaacgagtgaactttcttatttaggtggcga
aggtaacttactagcacctgatgaaacggttttagatcgtattcaattgaaaaggccggtattgaatgaa
tcacacttagcagcgattgatcaggaacattttaaattaacttatttatcaacggtatatgaaggggact
tggaagatgcgttagaagcattaggccgagaagcagtgaatgctgtaaagcaaggcgctcaaattctagt
gttagatgacagtggattagttgatagcaatggctttgcaatgccgatgttactcgcaataagtcatgtg
catcaattacttattaaagcagatttacgtatgtctacaagtttagtcgctaaatctggtgagacacgag
aagtgcatcatgttgcttgtttactcgcatatggcgcgaatgcaattgtgccatacctagcgcaacgtac
agttgaacaactgacattgacagaagggttacaaggcaccgttgtcgataatgttaagacatatacggat
gtattgtcggaaggtgtcattaaagtaatggctaagatgggaatttcgacagtgcaaagttatcaagggg
cacaaatatttgaagcgattggcttgtctcatgatgtgattgatcgttattttactgggacacagtctaa
gttatctggtatttcgattgatcaaattgatgctgaaaataaagcacgtcaacaaagtgatgataattat
cttgcatcaggtagtacattccaatggagacaacaaggtcaacatcatgcttttaatccggaatctattt
tcttattgcagcacgcatgtaaagaaaatgactatgcgcaatttaaagcatactctgaagcggtgaacaa
aaatagaacagatcacattagacatttacttgaatttaaagcatgtacaccgattgacatcgaccaagtt
gaaccggtaagtgacattgtcaaacgctttaatacaggggcgatgagttatggatcgatttcagcggaag
cacatgaaacgttagcacaagccatgaaccaattaggtggaaagagtaatagtggtgaaggtggcgaaga
tgcaaaacgttatgaagtacaagttgatggaagcaacaaagtaagtgcgattaaacaagttgcttctggg
cggtttggtgtaactagtgattatttacaacatgccaaagaaattcaaattaaagttgcgcaaggtgcaa
agcctggtgaaggtggtcaattacctggtactaaggtatatccgtggattgcgaagacaagagggtcaac
gccaggtatcggtctgatttcaccaccgccacatcatgatatttattcaatagaagatttagcgcaactg
atacatgatttgaaaaatgcgaataaagatgcagatatcgcggtaaaattagtttcgaaaacaggtgttg
gtaccattgcatctggggtggcaaaagcatttgcagataaaattgtcatcagtggttacgatggtggtac
aggggcttcacctaaaacgagtattcagcatgccggtgttccttgggagattggtttagcagaaacacat
caaacattaaaactaaatgacttaagaagtcgtgttaagttagaaacagacggtaagttattaactggta
aagatgtagcgtacgcatgtgcgcttggagcggaagaatttggatttgcaactgcaccattagtggtgtt
gggctgtataatgatgcgtgtatgccataaagatacatgtccagtaggagttgcaactcaaaacaaagat
ttacgtgctttatatagaggtaaagcacatcatgttgttaattttatgcattttattgcacaagaattaa
gagaaattttagcatctttaggtttgaaacgtgtagaagacttagttggaagaactgatttattacaacg
atcatcaacattaaaagcgaatagcaaagcggctagtattgatgttgaaaaactgttatgtcctttcgat
gggccaaacacaaaagaaattcaacaaaatcataatcttgagcatggatttgatttaacaaatttatatg
aagtaacgaagccatatattactgaagggcgtcgctatacaggtagctttacagtaaataatgaacaacg
tgatgtaggagttattacaggtagtgagatttcgaaacaatatggagaagcaggacttcctgaaaataca
attaatgtttatacgaatggtcatgctggtcaaagtcttgcagcatacgcaccgaaaggcttaatgattc
atcatactggagatgcgaatgactatgttggtaaaggattatctggtggtacggtcattgtcaaagcacc
ttttgaagaacgacaaaatgaaattattgctggtaacgtctcattctatggtgcgacaggtggtaaggca
tttattaacggtagtgcaggagaaagattctgtattagaaatagtggtgtagatgttgtcgttgaaggta
tcggcgaccatggattagagtacatgactggtggacatgtcattaatttaggtgatgtaggtaagaactt
cggtcaaggtatgagtggtggtattgcttacgttatcccgtctgatgtagaagcttttgttgaaaataat
caactagatacgctttcgtttacaaagattaaacaccaagaagaaaaagcattcattaagcaaatgctgg
aagaacatgtgtcacacacgaatagtacgagagcgattcatgtgttaaaacattttgatcgcattgaaga
tgtcgtcgttaaagttattcctaaagattatcaattaatgatgcaaaaaattcatttgcacaaatcatta
catgacaatgaagatgaagcgatgttagctgcattttacgatgacagtaaaacaatcgacgctaaacata
aaccagccgttgtgtattaa
>Potential gene 5:6680..7564, 885 bp
atggaaattaaacaattaagatattttatcgaggtcgctaaaagagaacatatctccgaaacagcacttg
aactaaacattgctcaatcagcgataagccgtcaaattacattattagaacaagaacttaatgtgtcttt
atttaaaaagcaaggacgcaatattacgctcacatctgaaggaaaattattatttaatgaagctctgcgt
attattgaacatttagatagcacgattgaacaatttcaaagccatggattaactaaaaataaaagtatct
acattggctatgatgagagtgacgtatcccacatgttactaccacttatccaaacgtttcatttacaaaa
tgatacacatgtcatccctaatttattagaacatgacacaattataaatagcgtattaaatgggaatata
gacattggtttcacggaacttacaccagaaatacgtaaacacaaacaattacatatgctacctttattcg
aagagcactatcatttatatgcgccttcagacgatccaattacgatggcgacacacccaccattaattca
gtttgagcatagtcatatttattgcttggcaccatttgccgaaactgtaaaaaaacaattgcgcaagatt
actaaatcagatgtatacacaatcagtagccaaccacttgcgcagtatctccttcgtcaaaaagaaggtt
acatcatttcatcacaaaatatacatttaccagaatctaaatcatggatagatataaaattagatcatac
tgaattaaaaagaacgatatgtgctattacaaaggagccttatacaaagagtgatattggcatattatta
acacttattcagcaattaatgactaaaacgtctacattccattaa
>Potential gene 6:8219..8842, 624 bp
atgaccattgccatgatctgttcaacagtactcactttattgctcgttacaggctggcatatgcgtacac
tcattaccatagccagtacaattatcggaacttttttgagtataggtttaacagaattaatcatatatat
gacagatggtaaaggcattaaatatgaaacgatgaactttttatcattaccaccgaaagatatcttccta
gcctcagtgttaataggttcacttggcgctattatggatgttgcaattacaattgctagtggtatgcatg
aaattttacagcgtacgccacacatttcaatgaggagatgggcgcttgctgggcgatacatcggccaaga
tattatgggaacaatgactaacatcttattattctcatatttatctggtgcactacctatgtttttaatc
tttttaaaaaatgcaaatactgtgacttatactatttcgatgaattggtcgttagaaattgcgcgcgcac
taacaggcggtataggtatcgtacttacaattcctatcacaatattgtttatggaaatatttgaaacatt
aaggagggcgaaacaatgaatgctgtatttatattggcgttattgctcctctttctgatgataa
>Potential gene 7:8794..9576, 783 bp
atgaatgctgtatttatattggcgttattgctcctctttctgatgataattttcggaggtaaaaagggat
tcatctcttatttaaccctatttttaaatttcgctattttaattattagtattgtgttgattatttttgg
cgtaccgatttatgtcgtcacattctttttctgcattattattggcgcttgtaatttattcgtactcaat
agttacaatgttaaaacacaagctgcatttatcagcactatcgttacaacaatattgttgattacactca
tttatttatcggtctacttcggtcatctacaaggcttttcaaccgaacaacaagatgaaacatatgtgta
ttcaatgaatattggcattgatatggttcaatttatggtgttcactattattcttgctgttattgcagct
gtgatagatttaacgattaccattagttcacccatttatgaattgcatcaagtgaatccaacacttacgc
aatacgaattattccaatctggcatgcgtgttggtagagaaattttagcgacatctgcgaacacgattta
ccttgccttttttggtggccaacttgctttatttatttggtttttcaaacttaaatattcatttggtcat
attataaactcgaaaatatttgctcaagaatttatttctattattttaggcggtattgccgttgcaatca
gtattccgattacggcttggattacggcatttttaataaaaagaccatctcgacagcgcaaaaatgatga
gtctatcaattaa
>Potential gene 8:9745..10323, 579 bp
atgaaattacggatatacgctggatggataaagataatgatgcgttgattgcgcctgctgtcaaagtttg
gattgaaacgtatggtggtaaacatgacaaataatgacaccatcatgttacgacattatgtcccacaaga
ttattcgatgttagaagcttttcaattaagtgaaagtgatttgaagtttgttaaaacgccagaggaaaat
attacagctgcaatgtctgataatgaaaggtatcccatcgttgtaatggatggcaggcaatgtgtggcct
tttttacattacatcgtggaaaaggggtcgcaccatttagcgataaccaagatgcagtatttttcaggtc
atttagtgttgatcaacgttatcgtaatagaggaataggtaaagtggtaatggaaaaattggcgtcattt
atcacttcaacatttcagggtattaatgagattgtgttaacggttaatactgacaatccacatgccatgg
cactttatcgccaacaaggatatcaatatatgggagatagtatgttcgtcggaagacctgttcatattat
ggcgttaactataaaataa
>Potential gene 9:10220..10615, 396 bp
atgattaaatgtgtctgtttagttgaagaaacagctgataaaatattgcttgttcaagtaaggaatcgcg
aaaagtattatttcccaggtggtaaaatagaagaaggggaatcacaagtacaagcgctgttaagagaagt
aaaagaagaattaaatttaacattaacaatggatgaaattgaatatatcgggacaattgtaggtcctgca
tatccacaacaggatatgttaactgagttaaatggatttcgcgcattaaccaaaatcgattgggaaaacg
taactatcaataatgaaattacggatatacgctggatggataaagataatgatgcgttgattgcgcctgc
tgtcaaagtttggattgaaacgtatggtggtaaacatgacaaataa
>Potential gene 10:10764..11033, 270 bp
atggcaaaacgttccaaatcacaacgtttatcaagtttactaaatgtcgcaggtttcatagtcgacggct
acaatggctataaatatcatgctaaaaataaaaaattagtatatctttcattaggtttaagcactgtagg
aaccgtgttagacttttacatttcaattaagtcaccacgtaagttcaaaaaagcagtggcagttgttact
ttaataacaaacggtgctagattatttacaagcattcgcaaagtaaagcatgaatactaa
>Potential gene 11:11218..12336, 1119 bp
atgtcatcaaacatcaacctattatacataattaaatcgtataatgatgtagtattcataaattcggata
aaaagaatgttaggaaagttaagcaagaggaggattttaaagtgcaaaaaaaagtaattgcagctattat
tgggacaagcgcgattagcgctgttgcggcaactcaagcaaatgcggctacaactcacacagtaaaaccg
ggtgaatcagtgtgggcaatttcaaataagtatgggatttcgattgctaaattaaagtcattaaacaatt
taacatctaatctaattttcccaaaccaagtactaaaagtatctggctcaagtaattctacgagcaatag
tagccgtccatcaacaaattcaggtggcggatcatactatacagtacaagcaggtgactcattgtcatta
atcgcatctaaatatggtacaacttaccaaaacattatgcgacttaatggtttaaataatttctttattt
atccaggtcaaaaattaaaagtatcaggtactgcaagctcaagtaattctgcgagcaatagtagccgtcc
atcaacgaattcaagcggtggatcatactacacagtacaagcaggtgactcattgtcattaatcgcttca
aaatatggtacaacttaccaaaaaattatgagcttaaatggcttaaataatttctttatatatccgggtc
aaaaattaaaagtaactggtaatgcaacatcttcaaactcagcatctgcaacaactacgaatagaggtta
caatacaccagtattcagtcatcaaaacttatatacatggggtcaatgtacatatcatgtatttaatcgt
cgtgctgaaattggtaaaggtattagtacttattggtggaatgctaataactgggataacgcagcggcag
cagatggttacactatcgacaatagacctactgtaggttctatcgctcaaacagatgtaggttactatgg
tcatgttatgtttgtagaacgtgtaaataacgatggtagtattttagtttcagaaatgaactattcagct
gcaccaggtattttaacttacagaacggtaccagcttaccaagtaaataattatagatatattcactaa
>Potential gene 12:12558..13400, 843 bp
atgaaaagattgattgggttagttatcgtagcacttgtattattagcagcgtgtggtagtaacaatgata
aaaaagtaacaattggtgtcgcatcaaatgatactaaggcttgggagaaggttaaagaattagctaaaaa
agatgatattgatgtggagattaagcacttttccgattacaatttaccgaataaagcattaaacgatggt
gatattgatatgaatgcattccaacattttgcatttttagatcagtataagaaggcacataaaggaacaa
agatttcagcattaagtacaacagttttagcaccgttgggcatttactcagataaaattaaagatgtcaa
aaaggttaaagatggtgctaaagttgtcattccaaatgatgtatcaaaccaagcacgtgcacttaaacta
ttagaagcagctggtttaataaaactgaaaaaagatttcggtttggcaggcacggtgaaagatataacgt
caaatccaaaacatttaaaaattactgcagtagatgcacaacaaactgcgcgtgctttatctgatgtcga
tattgcagttattaataatggtgtagcaactaaagcgggtaaagatcctaaaaatgatccgatattttta
gaaaaatcaaattcagatgctgtaaagccatatattaatattgttgcagttaatgacaaagacttggata
acaaaacatatgctaaaatcgtagaattgtatcattcaaaagaagctcaaaaagcgttgcaggaagatgt
caaagatggagagaaacctgttaatttatctaaagatgagattaaggcaatagaaacgtcattagcaaaa
taa
>Potential gene 13:13437..14096, 660 bp
atgtttggttctgatttagacagtgcacagttattacaagcattgtacgaaacgctatatatggtatcta
ttgctttatttttaggagcagtgattggtattccattaggtgtcttattggtaattactcgaaaacaagg
catatggcccaatatagtgatacatcaagttttaaatcctttaatcaatattttaaggtcactaccattt
attattttgttaattgcgattgtgccattcacaaaattagtagtaggtacttcaattggtacgactgctg
ccatcgtgcctttaacagtatatgtggcaccttacattgcaagacttgttgaaaactcattattggaagt
agacgaggggattattgaagcggcgaaagcgatgggcgcttcaccactacaaatcattagatatttttta
atccctgaagcgttaggttcattagtattagcaattaccactgcgattattggacttattggaagtacgg
cgatggcaggagctgttggcggtggtggtataggagacttagctttagtgtatggttatcaaagatttga
tacgacggtcattattattaccgttattgtattagtcattattgtccaagtgattcaaacgctagggaat
gttctagctagattcatacgtagacattaa
>Potential gene 14:14100..15128, 1029 bp
atgatgattgagtttcgacaggtaagtaagacctttaataaaaagaagcaaaaaatacatgctttaaaag
atgtatcatttaaggtcaatcgcaatgatatttttggtgtgattggatacagtggtgctggaaaaagtac
gttggtaagactcgtgaatcatcttgaagctgcctcaagtggtcaagtgcttgtagatggacatgatatt
acgaattatagtgaaaaaggcatgcgagaaataaaaaaagatatcggtatgatatttcagcatttcaatt
tattaaattcagctaccgtatttaaaaatgtagcaatgccactcattttaagtaagaaaagcaaaacaga
aattaagcaacgagtaacggaaatgcttgaatttgtaggattgagtgataaaaaagaccaatttcctgat
gaattatctggtgggcagaagcaaagggtggctattgcaagagcgcttgttactaatccgaaaatactcc
tatgcgatgaagcaacaagcgcattggatccagcaacgactgcttcgatattgacgttattaaagaatgt
caatcaaacctttggcattacaattatgatgattacacatgaaatgcgcgttattaaagacatttgtaat
cgtgttgctgtaatggaaaaggggcaagtggttgaaacaggaactgttaaagaggtgtttagtcatccta
aaacgacgattgctcaaaattttgtgtctacagttatacagactgagccaagtacatcattgattcgtcg
attgaatgacgaacaagttggcgattttaaagattataaaatcttcgtcgaggaaactcaggtgacacaa
ccgattataaatgacttgattcaaatttgtggcagagaggttaaaattttattttcatctatgtcagaaa
tacaaggtaacaccgtatgttatatgtggcttcgatttaatatggatcaacaatttgatgacacggcaat
aaatcaatatttcaaagagaaaaatattcaatttgaggaggtgcattaa
>Potential gene 15:15419..16615, 1197 bp
atggtagcgatcgatatatgtctaagcaaatatttaattatgaggagaatgattatgaataagaaaacta
aattaattcacggtggacacacaacggacgactatacaggtgcagttactacaccaatttatcaaacaag
tacatatttacaagatgatattggtgatttacgtcaaggatatgaatattctcgtactgcgaatccgaca
agaagttctgtagaaagcgttattgcggcattagaaaatggcaaacatggctttgcatttagttcaggtg
ttgcagcaatcagtgcagttgttatgctgttggacaaaggtgatcatattattttaaattcagatgtata
cggcggtacttatcgcgcattgacaaaagtatttacacgatttggcattgaagtggattttgtagataca
acgcatacagattcaattgtacaagcgatacgcccaacaacaaagatgttgtttattgaaacaccttcta
atccattattacgtgttactgacattaaaaagtctgctgaaattgcgaaagaacacggtttgatttcagt
cgttgataacacatttatgacaccttattatcagaatccattagatttaggtatcgatattgttttacat
tctgcaacgaaatatttaggtggacatagtgatgtcgttgctggtttagttgcaacatcggatgacaagc
ttgcagaacgtttagcatttatttcaaattcaacaggtggcattttaggacctcaagatagctatttact
tgtgaggggtattaaaacattaggtttacgtatggaacaaattaatcgcagtgttattgaaattattaaa
atgttacaagcacatccagctgtgcaacaagtgttccatccaagtattgaaagtcatttaaatcatgatg
tccatatggctcaagctgatggccatacaggtgtgattgcatttgaagtgaaagatacagaaagtgccaa
acaattgattaaagcaacatcgtattacacattagctgaaagtttaggtgcagtggaaagtttaatttca
gtacctgcactgatgacacatgcatccattccagcagatattcgagctaaagaaggtattacagacggac
ttgtaagaatttctgtaggtattgaagatactgaagatttagtggatgatttaaaacaagcactagatac
gttataa
>Potential gene 16:16554..17510, 957 bp
atgaagaaaggtttcattcatttgatcggcatgtcagatgagggtgcatctatgattacttatgatttaa
ttggcaatacaccattagtactgttagaacattatagtgatgataaagttaaaatttatgccaagcttga
acaatggaatcctggaggcagtgttaaagacagactcgggaaatatttagtagagaaggcaattcaagaa
gggcgtgtgcgtgcaggtcaaactattgttgaagcgactgctggtaatacaggcatagggttagctattg
cagcgaatagacatcatttgaaatgtaagatctttgcgccgtatggtttttcagaagaaaagattaatat
tatgatagcgcttggtgcagatgtttcaaggacgagtcagtctgaaggtatgcatggggcacaattagct
gcacgttcctatgctgaaaaatatggtgccgtttatatgaatcaatttgaatccgaacataatccggata
catattttcatacattgggacccgaattgacttcagcattacagcaaattgattattttgtggctggtat
tggctctggcggtacatttacaggtaccgcacgttatttaaagcaacatcacgtgcaatgttatgccgtt
gagccagaagggtccgtgttaaatggagggccagctcatgcacatgacactgaaggtatcggttctgaga
aatggccgatatttttagagagacgtcttgtagatgggatatttacgattaaagatcaagatgcctttcg
aaatgtcaaaagtttggctataaatgaagggttgttagtaggcagttcttcaggtgcagcattacaaggt
gcattgaatttaaaagcgcaattatctgaaggtacgattgttgtcgtatttccagatggtagcgatcgat
atatgtctaagcaaatatttaattatgaggagaatgattatgaataa
>Potential gene 17:17676..19022, 1347 bp
atgcgaatgatgaaaagacaacaatcacaatggaagtcatcaactggatttattttagctagtgcgggtt
ctgcaatcggtcttggtgccatgtggaaattcccatatatggcagggatttatggcggcggtgcctttct
agctatgttcttaatattcaccatttttgttgggttgccattactcattatggaattcactgttgggaaa
atgggacggacatatacaacacaaatatatagtaaattaactggtaaaaaatggctcaatatcattggct
ggaacggtaatttggcagtgtttattttatttggcttctatagtgttatcggtggttggattgtcattta
catcggacaagtattatggcaattagttatatttcaacgcatcaatcatctccaagaaatgaattttgaa
gcggtaatatcaaatccttggttaactgttctagggcaaggtatattcatattcgctacgatgattattg
tcatgttaggtgttgaaaaaggattagaaaaggcatcgaaagttatgatgccattgctgtttgtcttttt
aatcatcattgtgattaagtctttaacattagatggtgccttagaaggtgtgaaatttattttacaacca
agagtatcagagattactgctgacggtatcttgtttgcgctaggccaatcattctttacgttatcattag
gaactacaggtatgattacttatgcgagttatgcctctaaagacatgacgattaagtcatcagctatttc
tatcgttgttatgaatatctttgtatctgtattggcaggtctagctatatttccggcgttacatagtttt
ggctatgaaccacaagaagggcctggattattatttaaagtactgccaatggtctttagtcaaatgcatc
taggcacattattctatttgggattcttagtgctgttcttatttgcggctttaacgtcatctatttcttt
attagaattaaatgtttctaacttcacgaagaatgacaatacaaaacgtaaaaaagtcgcagtgatcggt
agtattttagtatttatcattagtattccagcaaccttatcttttggtatcttaaaagatgtaagattcg
gtgcgggaacgatttttgataatatggatttcatcgtttcgaatgtattgatgccattaggcgcattagg
tactacgcttgtcgtaggacaattattagataaaaaattattacaacaatattttggtaaagatcgattt
agattattcagtggttggtattacttaattaagtatgcgatgcctgtcgttattatcttagtctttatcg
tgcaattatttagttaa
>Potential gene 18:19420..20154, 735 bp
atgagaattaaaacaccgagtccatcgtatttaaaaggcacaaatggacatgcgatattattattacatt
catttacaggtacaaatcgggatgtgaagcatcttgcagctgagttaaatgcacaaggatttagttgtta
tgcaccgaattatccaggtcatggcttactgttgaaagatttcatgacatataatgtagatgattggtgg
gaagaagttgagaaagcttaccaatttttagtcaatgaaggttatgaatctatcagtgcaacgggtgtgt
ctttaggtggattaatgacattaaaattggcgcaacactatcctttgaaacgtatcgctgtcatgtcagc
accaaaggaaaagagtgacgatggcttaatagaacatttagtttattatagtcaacgcatgtcgaatatt
ttaaatttagatcagcaagcatcgagtgcgcaattagcagcaattgatgattatgaaggtgaaattacga
agtttcaacattttattgatgatatcatgacaaatttaaatgttattaaaatgccagctaatatattatt
tggtggtaaagatgcgccatcctatgaaacaagtgcacattttatttatgaacatttaggatcagtagac
aaagaattaaatggtctgaaggattcgcatcatttaatgacgcatggagaaggcagagatattttagaag
aaaatgttattcgctttttcaatgctttaacataa
>Potential gene 19:20191..20970, 780 bp
atgaactttataattttgatattgtcggtaaagtgaaatttgtggcacattgatattatggataacattt
gtaaaatgaaaatgatgatacgaggagattgtaagatgatagataaaaaattaacatcaccgaaaatgac
agtgcctttatttttaatcgcgctgattgtatttataggtatgttttacagtgtagtgacaaatcaagaa
tggcttaaaaatatagatatgggatcattaacatggtttacagattatttcggtgagccacaacgtcagt
atgttaacaatttatttaattactatatgacgtttagtgcggaaattggagatgtcaaaggtgtcgtgtt
gatttccattatcatcacaatcatactgtttattaaacagaggcatttagcggtttggtttgtgacatat
ttggtttcaggcgtcatcatgaacaaattaattaaagatactgttttacgtccaagaccatataatcatt
tagccgttgatacaggcttttcatttccaagtggacattccaacgccagcacattattatatttcgcctt
aatgatcataattatttcacttgctgctaagacaataacaaaagtgttgagtgcgctagttatgggaata
ttatggcttagcatattattttgtcgcctttattttcatgcgcattacttttcagatgtcattggcggca
cgtcactagcaatcatttgggtagcgttattcttaatggtatacccatactttattaatcatcgacgaca
acgcgtttag
>Potential gene 20:20903..21319, 417 bp
atgttatccataatatcaatgtgccacaaatttcactttaccgacaatatcaaaattataaagttcatat
tgttatgtatattgcaaataaaacattgtataattgaaataacaatattttgctattttcaatttagtac
gatttatagttattatacagagggggtaaggcgtatcaatagagttatttttgtctatatagcgttaatc
attacattagttagattctttacccctattcatccatcgttttcaaatttgatttactggatatttgtat
tatattttattcctattatactatgcgttatcggtttcaaggccgaaaaacttattgcaacaatggtcat
tatacctaattttttaggtatactttatcgattatatgcatacgtcacacatatactctttatgtaa
>Potential gene 21:21284..21448, 165 bp
atgatgtgtttattacgtggatgaatgcgtgggtctgaatatagcccgtgaaaggcgtatgtcataaaat
ttgcgaatggtgacaagtcaacgcaagcatatttgttgcgagacatgcccactatccttttacataaaga
gtatatgtgtgacgtatgcatataa
>Potential gene 22:21288..21452, 165 bp
atgcatacgtcacacatatactctttatgtaaaaggatagtgggcatgtctcgcaacaaatatgcttgcg
ttgacttgtcaccattcgcaaattttatgacatacgcctttcacgggctatattcagacccacgcattca
tccacgtaataaacacatcatataa
>Potential gene 23:21548..21910, 363 bp
atgaaaagaacgaaaggtgaaatcgaagctgaaatcagtaaagccattacgcaatgggaaaaagatttcc
ttggcagaggttccttgtcagttaaatcagacattttaagagatatggtgattattagtttacaaggtat
cttaacgccagcagaatatcgtgtgtgtagtacgaatgaaggattattaaatattaaacgaacacgttct
gaattagttgaatccggtgagcaagatttgaatgatatcattcttaaaattacaggtatcaaagtgatga
gcttccacagtgatttaagtacagttacaggtgaacgtattatcgtattcaaacttgaggataatttgga
aaagcatatttaa
>Potential gene 24:22072..24777, 2706 bp
atgacaacacagttaaatatcaattcagtcattgaaaatgcgaaacgtgttattacaccattatcaccaa
tttcgatttttgcagcacgaaatccatgggaaggattagaagcggatacgtttgaagatgttgcaaaatg
gttacgtgatgttcgagatgtggatatttttccaaataaagcattaatagaaagtgctgtggcacgtggt
gaattagacgaaagtgtctttaatcaacttgttactgatatgttacttgaacatcactacaatatcccgc
aacactacatcaatctttatattgataacattaaaacattaaaagacgtacctacatcatatatgaatca
ttcaaatgttgatgttgttgctgatctactattagaaaaatcaaaacgtgatatggctgaatcatatcat
cactatgatgtacgtccgatgagtgatgcaataatagatgaacaaggtgagccacttagcgaacaagtga
atcgtcaaatgattaaatggacgaaactttatatcgatcaatttctatcgagttggacaatgccgaagcg
agagcaaagtttttaccatgcatggttgcatttagcgcaacatgaccatagttttactaaagcacagcgc
caagtgattaaaggcttacccaatgatcctgaaatgacgatagagtcagtattaactcatttttcaatag
cgcaggaagactaccaagcttgtgttgaaggacatcttttggcgttaccgggttgggcaggtatgttgta
ttaccgttcacaacagcatcactttgaacaacatttgttaacggattatttggccattcggttagttgtc
gaacaattgctagttggtgatgagtttaagtcagtcactaaagattgtgaaagtagatcggaaaattggt
ttaagcaaactgttgcatcatggtgttactacagtgatatgcctagcgatgtattactacaacatgacgt
caatgaaattcaaacgtttattcattttgcagcaactatgaataaaaatgtatttaaaaatttatggcta
attgcctgggaaatgacatacgaatctcagttaaaacaaaaaattaaagcaggtcatgagagtgtggcgg
gcgcattagatgtaaaccaagtaaatgtcttagaaaatgataacgctaatcagccacattcagtattgtt
aaatgacacacaagcagttgatgaaaataatagcgagctaaatcagatgggcacatcaacgaaagcgcaa
attgcattttgtatagatgttcgttcagaaccatttcgtagacatatcgaagcggcagggccctttgaaa
cgattggtattgcaggtttctttggattacctattcaaaaagatgccgtagacgaacaattcaaacatga
ttcattacctgtcatggtaccgccggcatatcgcattaaagaatttgcagaccgctacgatatgaatgtt
tatcgacaacagcaacagacaatgtcatcgatgttttacacatttaaattgatgaaaaataatgtcatgc
ctagtctgttattgcctgaattaagtgggccatttttaagcttgagtaccattgtcaattcgattatgcc
tagaaaaagtcgcgcgtctttacaaaaaataaaacaaaaatggttgaaaaagcctgaaacaaagttaacg
attgatcgtgagtttgaccgaacatcagacttacctgttggatttactgagcaagagcaaattgatttcg
cgttacaagcgttgaaattgatggatttaaccgaagcatttgcgccgttcgttgtgttagcaggtcatgc
tagtcattctcataataatccacatcatgcatcacttgaatgtggggcttgtggtggcgcatcaagcggt
tttaatgctaagttattagcgatgatatgtaatcgtccaaatgtcagacaaggattaaaacaagcaggcg
tagtaattccggagacaactgtttttgcggcagcagaacatcatacgtctactgatacgttggcatgggt
atatgtgccagacacattatcagctttagctctagatgcatatgaatcattgaatgacgcgatgccgatg
atttctgaacacgcgaatcgcgaacgtttggacaaactgccaacgattggtcgtgtgaatcatccagtgg
aagaagcgcagcggtttgcgagtgattggagtgaggtacgtccagaatggggcttggctaaaaatgcatc
atttataattggacgacgccaattaacaaaaggcattgatttagaagggcggacatttttacacaattat
gattggcgtaaagataaagatggcacattgttaaataccatcatttctggtccggcacttgtggcacaat
ggattaatttacaatattatgcgtcgacagttgcgccgcatttttacggaagtgggaataaagcgacaca
aaccgtcacgtcaggtgttggtgtcatgcaaggtaatgcgagtgatctgatgtatggcttatcatggcaa
tctgttatggctgctgatcgaacgatgtatcattcgccaattcgtttgcttgtcgttgttcaggcacccg
actatgttgtagcaagactactcgcgaataatgaccatttcgctaggaaggtgtctaatcattggctgcg
tttaatgagcgttaatgaggaagggcgttttaaaagttggatttaa
>Potential gene 25:24790..26187, 1398 bp
atgccaatgagatatattaaattacatttatacatactagtcatgccagtattatttgcagtcattggct
ttttcggtattcatggtcaacatgtcttaggtccatttaaaatagatcgtttatcttggttattagctgg
ctttgtaatggcgcttggctttattattcaaaagttttcaatgcgatatttactaggtgatcatcattat
agacattactttccattgttcactgcgattacgtcgtttgcatctttagcatggatgtctgaagacttaa
gactgatggcactctgctggggtatgacattattatgtttaacattgctgatgaacgttaatcgtttttg
gaaagtgccacgtgagtctgcgaaattatcaagtatgacatttttatgtggttggcttgcattcgttgga
gcaattgtaactatttatattgcgactggcgagtggcgcgtgcctcaacatatgtctaattcgacatggt
cattgttgacgaatgtactacttgtattagctgtcatgataccggcagcacaatttccttttcatcgatg
gttgattgaatctgtaacggcaccaacgccagtatcggcaattatgcatgcaggaattgtgaatgcaggt
ggtgttattctaactcgttttgcgccgatatttgataatggatttgcgttatcattattacttatccttt
ctagtatttctgtattgttaggatcgggtattagcttagttcaagttgactataaacgccaattagtggg
ctctacgatgagtcaaatgggctttatgttagttcaatgtgcattgggtgtatattcagcagcgattatt
catttaatattgcacggtatttttaaagcaacattatttttacaatcaggttctatcgtgaagcgattca
atattccaaaacaagcatctgctaaagacgcttatggctggattgtcatgggacgtgtattagctattat
cgtggcatttctattttggatgagtagtgacagaagtgcatatgaagtgttaagtgcactcattctagca
tggtcattacttgtatcttggaatcagatggtagcctttagtaaagggcgcatggcacgtcttgttggca
tgattttgattgcaattgtgacatttatctacatcatcacacataattatttttacgatgtattgcgaaa
tataacaacacatgcgacaacaccgcctacagtgagtgtcatcattagtgttgtcattttaatctttggt
agtttattaagtatttgggtggcgcgtcatcgatactctaagggttttgcggtattgtacgtgtggttag
ttaatctaggtgaagcacgctcgaaagcgatagaaagtcatccgaattatttgaagaagtatttatag
>Potential gene 26:26614..26868, 255 bp
atgaaatcttatttaccagtgaattgttcgattaagcttttgataactttaatgatgccagcgatgatac
ccattaagattacctcctttgcttatgagttaacttcattgtacatagttatcttgtgcgtaattgattt
ttttcctaacttgaattgttatgatcataactgcgaattttttattttaaaaggacgggaaatactgcct
aactgtacaggtgcatttacaaaatctttacaatcattggtttaa
>Potential gene 27:27464..27673, 210 bp
atgtttgctttgatgaaaaatggcaaaaccatcgtaccaactgttaattgaaggtacaatcattgtttaa
cagtcataaaaatgagtgaagtaaatgcagctatcaatgtactattaacacttacggtcacacgagtgtt
tcagtctaaacgtgcaacgcaattccgcacgtggccaatatatcttgcgctagatcatgaaaatcattaa

>Potential gene 28:27841..29031, 1191 bp
atgattatacttcattcaacttatcgtgctggtctaatttgccattgatatggatcttcaaattgttgcc
aatctgcatcaatttcttgcgcattgactaagcatgcgtcgagttcttttgttaatttttcttcatctaa
ttctgtaccaataatgacaaattgtgtatgacgatcgccatattctggatcccattcagctgcgacatct
tgacgttctgctaatatttgtgtttgttgcgcttcagacatactagccacccaatatgtaactggatgaa
tattgcaagatgaccctgcttgagataataaacatgctacgtgattgtattgtgctagccatatgatacc
ttttgatcgaacgacattatttggcatgctttctaaccaatcattgaaccttttagcatggaaaggaagt
cgacgtttatatacaaacgatgatataccatattcttctgtttcaggtgtatgcgatgcatgcccaccag
actcaagttctttgatccatcctgctgactcgctcgctttttcaaaatcaaaacgctgcgtatttaagac
ttcttttaaatctacttcagaatttgttgtcttaataattttagcagtaggttgcaatgcgcttaacact
ttttctaactttgcaagttcttcttcactaattaaatcaattttattaataatcaatacatcacaaaatt
caacttggtcaattaataaatcagcaatcgaacgttcatctgtttcatcaacgctttgatcacgatccat
caataaatcttctgagttgatgtcatgtacgaagcggttagcatcaacaactgtaaccattgtatctaaa
cggcaaatcgctgtaagatcaatgccaagttcatcatcaatatatgagaaagtttgtgcaacaggtactg
gctctgaaatccctgttgactcaataacaatttgatcgatgccaccttttttcactaaacgctcaacttc
ttttaataaatcatctctaagtgtacaacagatacaaccattagagagttcgactaatttttcatctgta
cgcgatagtcccccaccatctgcgacaagatctttatcgatattaacttcactcatatcatttacaatta
ccgcgatacgtcgaccttcacgattttgtaaaatatgatttaacaatgttgttttccccgagcctaaata
a
>Potential gene 29:27861..29063, 1203 bp
atggctaaaattccagttacggtattaagtggttatttaggctcggggaaaacaacattgttaaatcata
ttttacaaaatcgtgaaggtcgacgtatcgcggtaattgtaaatgatatgagtgaagttaatatcgataa
agatcttgtcgcagatggtgggggactatcgcgtacagatgaaaaattagtcgaactctctaatggttgt
atctgttgtacacttagagatgatttattaaaagaagttgagcgtttagtgaaaaaaggtggcatcgatc
aaattgttattgagtcaacagggatttcagagccagtacctgttgcacaaactttctcatatattgatga
tgaacttggcattgatcttacagcgatttgccgtttagatacaatggttacagttgttgatgctaaccgc
ttcgtacatgacatcaactcagaagatttattgatggatcgtgatcaaagcgttgatgaaacagatgaac
gttcgattgctgatttattaattgaccaagttgaattttgtgatgtattgattattaataaaattgattt
aattagtgaagaagaacttgcaaagttagaaaaagtgttaagcgcattgcaacctactgctaaaattatt
aagacaacaaattctgaagtagatttaaaagaagtcttaaatacgcagcgttttgattttgaaaaagcga
gcgagtcagcaggatggatcaaagaacttgagtctggtgggcatgcatcgcatacacctgaaacagaaga
atatggtatatcatcgtttgtatataaacgtcgacttcctttccatgctaaaaggttcaatgattggtta
gaaagcatgccaaataatgtcgttcgatcaaaaggtatcatatggctagcacaatacaatcacgtagcat
gtttattatctcaagcagggtcatcttgcaatattcatccagttacatattgggtggctagtatgtctga
agcgcaacaaacacaaatattagcagaacgtcaagatgtcgcagctgaatgggatccagaatatggcgat
cgtcatacacaatttgtcattattggtacagaattagatgaagaaaaattaacaaaagaactcgacgcat
gcttagtcaatgcgcaagaaattgatgcagattggcaacaatttgaagatccatatcaatggcaaattag
accagcacgataa
>Potential gene 30:29196..29390, 195 bp
atgaaaatagcaatcgttataatagcactgccaatggtatataacgtatgtttcgtagataatccttcag
tctttgaaccaaaaacactgagtagaataaatgcaataccaatgacatataaaactaaaatgacaaatag
catgtttatacacctcgattctctttcgtgagatatatctttgtctccattataa
>Potential gene 31:29770..30084, 315 bp
atgactctaatagaaccagatatgaacttaagaatgccagatataagtactacagtagaaacacttaatc
tcatatctaaaatggaagcgcaaaaagaaaatattcgcacagttattgcacctgaacataagcataaata
taaagatattgaaaatgggttaaaaggtgaagaaaaagtattaattgaacaaatggcgcagcattgcgaa
gcttttaaagctaattttaaaggcgcagctcaaggagattgggttaaaagtgctatgtctgagattgaca
gcattaaggatgacctgaaaaaaattaatagctaa
>Potential gene 32:30100..30426, 327 bp
atgatgtttaatcaaattaataataaaaatgaattagaagaatcatatgaatctgagaaaaaacgtatag
agaatgaactgcaaaatttaaatgaacttaggcatagaactcgaaaagaaaatgaacgtagttatgatgt
ttttcaatatttgaagcacgaaatgaattatagtgaagatgcccaaaggaaaatgacgagaaatatagaa
gcgtatgagcaagaaatcaatgagataattagaaagcaagaatggaaattagaagaatataaagaagact
taaaaaagtcttatgaaaagcagttagataaactaagtgactgataa
>Potential gene 33:30390..31751, 1362 bp
atgagtaaaccagaatatcaactaaacccaggtaaaataaatgcaaatacagaagaaacatctgctatat
cctattttagttatcaaattgaaaatgcaaatattagtggtttggataaagtaaaaatgtatcagcaaat
tgatatactaaaagatagatacaaattcccttctaatcttgaatatgttgatagttacactgattctctt
actggagtaacaacttctgcttttttaaataaagatacaggcaaagtaactctcgggatgactgggacta
atttacaagacgaagcctttaaaaagttaaaagaaggtgaattttcaagacaaaattttaccaatgcttt
ggaaacagttaaagatggatatgcagatcttaaaatattatattctcctgcatctgatcaaaactataga
tatgcgaatacacaagaatttataaataaaataaaaagtaagtatgacattgattttattactggtcatt
cactaggtggaagagatgcagtagttctaggaatgagtaatggtattccgaacattgtggtttataatcc
agctcctatttctataactagtttgaatcctaattccccagatggaaaacgattgttagagttatataaa
aattataaaggtaatattactaggtttgttgcagaaaatgatgcattgacagaaaatctgaagaaatata
agcattatgtttttttcggtaatgataaagtctttaaaaatggtaaaggtcatggaatggaaggctttct
gaccaaagaagaacaaaaagctataaaaaaagaactaaaaaaactacaaggttatgcagaagaaaataat
aagtcatttgtaaagcattcaaataatgctatctctaaattagctagtatagaattacttagagcaaata
tgatgactacaaatggaggaggattatcttcttcgcagcaaaaagttttagaaagtttaacagctttaac
aattgcgcagtcattcagtcaactgatagacgatgaaattaatcaaatcaaaaaaatgtataatgaaaag
aaaaagaaatttggaaaaaattgggaagacgctcaaaaagctggaaaagctgtaggtgaagatttgagtg
taaatggagttctcaatgctttagatgaaggtcaagtgaatgaaagtagtatggtaagagaacctgaaca
aatgatatctgcaaaagaaagacaactttcaacgatagggtcttctgtatcaaattatattatgagagtt
agactcagtattaatgaaatcgttgataaagatcaagtgcttgcatcacaaataggtggattactatgat
gtttaatcaaattaataataaaaatgaattag
>Potential gene 34:31754..32611, 858 bp
atgaaatattcaaatgtttataaaattaaagcagagagatgtgaaatgatggagtatataaaaaaaattg
ctttgtacatgagtgtattacttttaatcatttttattgggggatgtggaaatatgaaagaagaacagaa
aaaagaagcaaatacaaataaaacagattcaaaagaagagcaaatcaaaaaaagctttgcgaaaacgttg
gatatgtatcctactgaaaatctagaagacttttataacaaagagggatatcgagatggagaatttaaaa
aagatgataaaggtacttggctaattagatctgaaatagttaaacagccaaagggcaaagtgatgaaaac
aagaggtatgcaattatatattaatagaaataccaaaacagccaaaggtttctttgttttgaaagaaata
agtgaaaataataatcgtgtaaataaagataaggaggaaaaatacgaagtgaaaatggtaggaaataaaa
ttattcctactgaacaaattaatgacgagaaaataaaaaaagaaattgaaaacttcaagttttttgtgca
atatggaaagtttaaaaatttcgaaaaatacaaaaatggtgagttttcatataatccagaagcaccaatt
tattcggctaaatatcaattacaaaacgacgattacaatgtaaggcaactacgtaaaaaatatgacattt
caacaaaagaagcgcctaagttacttttaaaaggtggaggggatttaaaaggttcctcagttggtcaaaa
agatattgaatttacatttgttgaaagaaaaggtgagaatatttattttaatgatagtgttgaatttata
ccaagtgaggataaataa
>Potential gene 35:32744..33541, 798 bp
atgagaaatttaaagagagacgtattgtacataagcattatggctttgagtatttttataataggctgtg
ataaatctagtgttactgctgaaaaagcaaaagaagactcaaaagaagaccaaatcaaaaagagctttgc
gaaaacgttagatatgtaccctattaagaatctcgaggatttatacgataaagaaggataccgtgatggc
gaatttaaaaagggtgataaggggacgtgggttattagatctgaaatgacaacagaactaaaagatgaaa
atatggaatccaaaggtatggtcgtacgtttaaatagaaataccagaacaactacaggtgagtattttgt
taggataatcaaagaagacaatgagggcaaggtatatagtgatgaacgaaaatacccagtcaaaattgat
aataaaaaaattattccattaaaattaatcgatgatgaaaaagttaaaaaagaaattgaagaatttaaat
tctttgtacaatatgggaattttaaagaattggaaaactataaagatggtaaagtgtcatataatccaga
agtaccaatttactctgcgcaatatcaattgaaaaacagtgattataatgtagagcaactacgtaagcga
tataatatcccaacaagaaaggcgcctaaattgttattgaaaggctcaggtaatttaaaaggatcctcag
tcggatataaaaatattgaatttacctttgttgaaaataaggaagaaaatatttacttcacagatagtat
taatttcaacccaagtgaggataaataa
>Potential gene 36:33580..34395, 816 bp
atgatagagagaagtgaaaaaatgagggattcaaaaagagtagtattgtacataagcattatggtgttga
gtatttttataattggttgtaatagttcaagcgagaatgcaaaaaaatcaaaagaagactcaaaagaaga
ccaaatcaaaaagagttttgcgaaaacgttagatatgtatccaattaagaatctcgaggatctatatgac
aaagaaggatatcgagatggcgaatttgaaaaaggtgataaggggacgtggacgatatatacagattttg
ccaaaagtaataaagcgggtgaattggatagtgaaggtatggtattacatttgaatagaaatacgcggac
ggctaaaggatattattttgtaagaaaaacttataacgaagaggataagatgctgcaaaggaaagattat
cgtattaaacttaaaaataataaaattgtccttttagataaagtagaagataaaaaactcaaacataaaa
tagaaaattttaaattttttgggcaatatgcagattttaaagacttgaaaaattataaaaacgggaaaat
atcgagcaatgaaaatgttccatattatgaagcagagtacaaaatagaaaatagtgatagaaatgtaaaa
aaacttagaaatgtttatccaattacaaccagtgaatcgccaactttaaaatttcatatagatggggata
taaaaggtagctcgataggatataaaaaagtggaatatatcttttcaaagcaaaaagataaccaaatttc
tgtcagtgattttttaaattttaacccatcaaaagataatcagtag
>Potential gene 37:34435..35217, 783 bp
atgatgggatatttaaaaaggattggattgtgcataagcctgttgattttaagcatttttgtaacatctt
gtgatagtgataataagatcactggagattcaaaagaagcacaaattaaaaagagttttgcaaaaacttt
agatatgtatccaattaagaatctcgaggatttatacgacaaagaaggatatagagatggtgaatttaaa
aagggagacaaagggacgtgggttgttagatctgaaatgataattcaaccaaaaggtaaaagtttaactt
caagaggcatgatattatacatgaatagaaatactaggaccacaactggttatttttcaatagaagaaat
agattcaagaaaaaaccttgacgagagagaaacagaaaaaaagtatcctgtgaaaattataaacaataaa
attattccaaccgtaaagataaaagatgaaaagttgaaaaaggaaattgaaaactttaagttttttgttc
aatatgggagttttaaaggaatagagaattatgaaaatggtcacatttcctacaattctgaaggtcctat
ttattccgcgagatatcaactgaaaaatgatgattataatgttaaagaattacgaaaaagatatgatata
ccaacagaaaaggcgcccaaattattgttgaaaggttcgggggatttgaaagggtcttcagttggatata
aggaaattgaatttatatttctagaaaataaaaaagaaaatatatatttttcagatggattaaacttaat
tccaggtgactaa
>Potential gene 38:35262..36074, 813 bp
atgaagtataaaacagagagacgtgaagcgatgggatatttaaaaaggtttacattgtacataagtattt
ttattttaatagttgttatagcaggttgtggtaaaagtgatgaaacaaaagaagattccaaagaagaaca
aattaaaaagagctttgcgaaaacgttagatatgtatccaatcaaaaatctcaaggatttatacgacaaa
gaaggctatagagatggcgaatttaaaaagggcgataagggtacatggactttactcacaagtttttcaa
aaagtaacaaaccaggcgagatagatgatgaaggtatggtgctatatctaaataggaataccaaaaaggc
aacaggttattattttgtaaataaaatttatgatgatattagcaaaaatcagaatgagaaaaaataccgt
gttgaacttaaaaataataagattgttcttttagataatgtagaagacgaaaaacttaaacaaaaaattg
aaaattttaaattttttagtcagtatgccgattttaaagatttaaaaaattatcaagatggaagtataac
aactaatgaaaatgtaccgagctatgaagcagaatacaaattgaataatagtgatgaaaatgtaaaaaaa
cttagagatatttatccaattacaacgaaaaaggctccaatattaaagttacatatagatggtgatataa
aaggaagttcagttggatacaaaaaaatagaatataaattttcaaaagttaaagatcaagagacaacatt
aagagattatttaaattttgggccgtctgatgaagatatctaa
>Potential gene 39:36405..36719, 315 bp
atggatatgaaatttaaaaaggttttagtagctacggcaatggtaggtgttttagcaactggcgttgttg
gatatggtaatcaagcagatgcgaaagtttattctcaaaatggactcgtactacattatgatgcaaactt
cttagaacatgaattaagttatattgatgtgttattagataagaatgctgaccaagctacaaaagacaac
ttaagatcatacttcgccgataaaggactacattcaatcaaagacattatcaacaaagctaaacaagacg
gctttgatgtttcaaaatatgaacacgtaaaataa
>Potential gene 40:36826..38310, 1485 bp
atgagggaaaattttaaattacgtaaaatgaaagtcggtttagtatcagttgcaattactatgttatata
tcatgacaaacggacaagcagaagcatcagaaactaatcaaaagccaagtacaaatcaagaatcaacagc
tgttacacatactgaacaaaattcaaaagaaacaaaaacggcagagtcttctaagaactttgttaattta
gaccctatcaaaccaggagatcaaaaggtaacagggactactatgccgaatcatattatattacttaaca
tagatggaaaaagtgttgattcagtagatggagaggacagttcatttataacttcaaaagaagatgggaa
gtttgagtatcctctaaataatcgtaaaatagttcacaaccaagaaattgaagtatcatcttcatcttta
gatgatttaggtgaagatgatgaagaggtagaagaagattccactgaaaaatctgaagctgaagaagaaa
gtacaggtgctaaagttacttacacaacaccgcgatatgaaaaagcgtatgaagtaccggaaaaacgatt
agaagaaaaagatggacatcaccaagttttcatcgaacctattactgaaggatcaggtattattaaaggg
catacgtctgtaaaaggtaaagttgctttatctattaataataaatttattaattttgaaacaaattcta
atggtggcccaaataaagaagaagcgaaatctggatcagaaggaatctggatgcctattgatgataaagg
atactttaattttgacttcaaaacgaaacgtttcgataatttagagttaaaagaaggtaatgacatttca
ctaacatttgcacctgatgatgatgaagatgcattaaaacctttaattttcaaaactaaagtaacaagtt
tggaagatattgataaagcagaaactaaatatgaccatactaaagtcaacaaagtgaaaattttagataa
tgttaaagaagatttacatgttgatgaaatatatggaagcttatatcatacagacaaaggtaaaggtatt
cttgataaagaaggtactaaagtaattaaaggaaagactaaattcgcgaatgcagtagtgaaggtagact
ctgaactaggtgaagcacaattattccctgatttacaagtaaatgaaaaaggtgaatttagctttgactc
acatggtgctggttttagattacaaaatggagaaaaactaaactttacagtagttgatcctattacaggt
gagctgttgagtaatgagtttgtttctaaagagattgatattgaagaaacaccagaagaaaaagcagacc
gtgaatttgatgaaagacttgaaaatacgcctgcttactacaagttatacggcgataaaatagttggttt
cgatactaacgatttcccgattacttggttttatccattaggtgaaaagaaagttgaacgtataacacct
aaattagaaaaataa
>Potential gene 41:38332..39018, 687 bp
atgaaattaaaaaatattgctaaagcaagtttagcattagggattttaacaacagggatgattacaacta
ctgctcagccagtaaaagcaagtacattagaggttagatcacaagcgactcaagatttaaaagattatta
taaaggacaaagttttgatctgaaaaatataggaggatataaggaaggcaacaaggttactttcatatat
cacaatcaacaaattgatgtgacactaacaggtaatgaaaagttagaatttaatgacgatggagaaatat
ctaatgttgatgtatttgtggtcagagaaaattctgatagatcaggtatcacaagttctaatggaggaat
aacaacttcaaataaacaagatatcatagataatgtcaaaagtgtgaacatgcaaataactaaaaaaact
agtagtaatactgaaactgtaacttcatcttattacagtataagtaaagagaatatctcattaaaagaac
ttgatttcaaattaagaaaacacttaatcgacaaaaacggtctttataaaacagaacctaaaaacagcaa
aattagagttaccatggaagatggtgggttttacacatttgaattgaataaaaagttacaaacaaaccgc
atgggtgatgtaattgatggtactaaaataaaagaaattaatgttgaattaaactaa
>Potential gene 42:39431..40723, 1293 bp
atgcatacctgaaagaacttggggtgttgaaagatgagtaatacacaaaagaaaaatgtgccagagttga
gattcccagggtttgaaggcgaatgggaagagaagaagttaggggatcttacagatagagtaattaggaa
aaataaaaacttagaatcgaaaaagcctttaacaatatccggacagttaggtttaattgatcaaacagaa
tactttagtaaatcagtttcgtcgaaaaatctagaaaattatacactaataaagaatggagaattcgcgt
ataacaaaagttattctaatggatacccattaggggctattaaaagattaactagatatgatagtggtgt
attgtcctctttgtatatttgtttttctattaaaagtgaaatgtctaaagacttcatggaagcatatttt
gattcgacacactggtatagagaagtttctggaattgcagttgagggtgcaagaaatcacggattattaa
atgtttctgtgaatgatttttttactattctaattaaatatccaagtttagaagaacagcaaaaaatagg
caagttcttcagcaaactcgaccgacaaattgaattagaagaacaaaagcttgaattacttcaacaacag
aaaaaaggctatatgcagaaaatcttctcacaggaattgcgatttaagaatgagaatggtaatgattatc
ctgattgggaaagaattaaattttttgatgtaattgataaagtaatagattttagagggagaacaccaaa
aaaattaaatatggaatggtctgacgaagggtatttagcattatcagcagtcaatgtaaaaaaaggctat
attgattttaatgtagaggcgaaatatggaaatctagatttatatactagatggatgagaggaaatgaat
tatataaggggcaagtattatttacaactgaagcgccaatgggcaatgtagcacaggttccggataataa
aggatatatattaagtcaaagaactatcgcgtttaattcaaatgaaaaaatcactgataactttttagca
tcattgttgagctctgaaaatgtttataatgatttattaaaattgtgtagtggtgctacagcaaaaggtg
tgagtcaaaaaaatttaaatcgactatacgttactattccacattccatatcagagcaagaagagattgc
tgaattctttagaaaaattaatcaattggttgagttgcaaaaatataaaattgaacatactaaaagtcaa
aaacaagtgtttttacaaaagatgtttatttaa
>Potential gene 43:40683..42239, 1557 bp
atgtctattactgaaaaacaacgtcagcaacaagctgaattacataaaaaattatggtcgattgcgaatg
atttaagagggaatatggatgcgagtgaattccgtaattacattttaggcttgattttctatcgcttctt
atctgaaaaagcagaacaagaatatgcagatgccttgtcaggtgaagacatcacgtatcaagaagcatgg
gcagacgaagaataccgtgaagacttaaaagcagaattaattgaccaagtcggttacttcattgagccac
aagatttattcagtgcgatgattcgtgaaattgaaacgcaagatttcgatatcgaacatttggcgacggc
aattcgtaaagttgaaacatcaacactaggtgaagaaagtgaaaatgactttatcggactgttcagcgat
atggatttgagttcaacgcgtttaggtaacaatgtcaaagaacgtactgcgttaatctctaaagtcatgg
ttaaccttgacgatttaccattcgttcacagtgacatggaaattgatatgttaggtgatgcatacgaatt
tcttatcgggcgctttgcggcgacagcgggtaaaaaagcaggcgagttctatacaccacaacaagtatct
aagatactggcgaagattgtcacagacggtaaagataaattacgtcacgtgtatgacccaacatgtggtt
caggttcactgttgttacgtgttggtaaagaaacacaagtgtatcgttatttcggtcaagaacgtaacaa
taccacatacaacttagcgcgtatgaatatgttattacatgatgtgcgttatgaaaatttcgatatccgt
aatgatgatacgttggaaaacccagcctttttaggccatacatttgatgcggttattgcgaatccaccgt
atagtgcgaaatggacagcagattcaaaatttgaaaatgacgaacgatttagtggttacggcaagcttgc
gccaaaatccaaagcagactttgcctttattcaacacatggtacattacctagacgatgaaggtaccatg
gcagttgtgctaccacatggcgtcttattccgtggggctgcagaaggtgtgattcgtcgttatttaatag
aagaaaagaactacctagaagccgtgattggcttaccagccaatattttctatgggacaagtattccaac
atgtattttagtatttaaaaaatgtcgccaacaagacgacaacgtattatttatcgatgcatccaatgat
tttgaaaaaggaaaaaatcaaaaccatttaagcgatgcccaagtcgatcgtattatagccacatataagc
gtaaagaaacgattgataaatatagctacagcgcgacattacaagagattgccgataacgattacaacct
aaatataccgagatatgtcgacacattcgaagaagaagagccaattgatttagatcaagtccaacaagat
ttgaaaaatattgacaaagaaatcgcagaaatcgaacaagaaatcaatgcatacctgaaagaacttgggg
tgttgaaagatgagtaa
