
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:161..1357, 1197 bp
atgaaaggtattaaaccaaattatgccgagcttggtcgacaatataattgtgatccaagaacagttaaaa
aatattatgaagcaggaaaagaaaatgaattagaacgattgaagaaaagacaacaaaataagaaagcatc
aaaactagatccatttaaagaaattattaataaaaaaattgaattaggatgtacagctatggccattttt
aaatatatagagaaaaagggttatgaaggtaaatatactattctacgagaatactgtaaaaataaaaaac
aaaatgagactaaaaaagcaactatacgcgtagaaactaatcccggtatagctgctcaagtagactggaa
agaagatatggtaatgcatgataagtttggcagaacttatcaattcaacatctttctttacgttctacac
tattcaaaaatgaagtatatcacattaacttgggatagaaaacaagataccttatttgaatgtttaaaag
acgcttttgaatacaccgaaggggttccaaaagaaatctggttcgataatatgagaactgtagttgatcg
acctagaacacaatataaaaaagtcgtctttaataatttattttatcaatttagtaaggatgccaacttt
gaacctattgcttgtagaccctatcgtcctcaaacaaaagggtctgttgaatcattagctaaatttgttg
aacagcgtttaagaccatacgattatgaattttatgatgctgtagaacttattgggctagtaaacgattt
atgtcacgaattgaatcacttagaaatttcacaagcaacagaacaacgacctatcgacgttttcaattat
gaagaaaaagaacatttaaattcttttaatgccaagttactagatacttacatcgaaaatgagtgtataa
gaatcgtttctaaagaatcgatgattaactttagaaaaggtaaatactcggtacctactaaatacattgg
tgaagaagtacaagtgatattcaataattctactgatgaattgctgatttattatgatggtgaattaata
agacggcataatctatccgaaagaaaatttaattatatcgttgaagatatgagtgaaatattaaaatcag
atgtatttaaacataaggatgacaaagaaattcttacgtatatagaaaattcattattactgtatgacga
aatttag
>Potential gene 2:1369..2136, 768 bp
atgaatacgaaccatcaaaaattacttaataactttgaaatattaaaactaaaaaaattcaaagattatt
atccaaactatattgaattactttctaaaaatgagaaatctttaactgaaatattgattgatttaacgga
aaaagaaatagaatatcaatcagaattaaaatttaaacgtgctgtgaattcagcacgtttccctaaaata
aaatatttacatgattttgatttcatgtttcaacctagtataaatcaacaagaaatactcactttaaaat
ctatgcattttttagaagatagtataaatatttgtttcttaggtaatagtggtgttggtaaaacacacct
agcaatctcattaggaatagaggcatgtaagcaaaatataaagactagattctatactttcaaagaatta
atagacttattaactgtctcagattccaaaggaatcattaataaaacattaaagcaattaagcagaatag
agttacttatcattgatgaaattggttatactcccatcaccaaagaacaagctgatttattctaccagtt
aatgtcactaaggtatgagtggaaatcaacaataattacgactaatattccattttcgagttggggagag
tcatttagtaataagattgtatcagcagctataattgatcggttagttcaccattcaaaagtatttaaaa
ttactggagaatcatatcgattaaaagattataaaaccgaaaaatcattaaatatacgacaatcttaa
>Potential gene 3:2367..2759, 393 bp
atgaaatatacttggtggatacttttaacaattgcagggattttaagtttaacaagtgtttatggattta
ttttatgtttaggtagctttggaatgttggcactgaatgtcatgtggctatttgtttatacaccgcataa
aaattctaaagcacttgaatctatatcaaaaccaacgataattttatcaatcattgggacatatgcagta
tttatatttatgtctatcttattttacttcgtaatgaaagctaggtttatggaaattggaataaaacttt
acggtgaaccttttaatatgtttggaataccattattcattattggcatcattttatttacaatcggtac
agtattcgtttataaaatacagcaatcaagattaaagcaatag
>Potential gene 4:2761..3150, 390 bp
atggaaaaattaatcaaagtgacgtctttaattggaattattattcaaagttttttaacattgttatttt
taatatttttaattttatcagcaacagggattatacagccagaattgaccacaactgttaatggtgaaca
aactatacaaagtccagaaactgctcaagcaacattcgtgacaatatttgcaatattatttgttgtttct
ttagcttcagatttattaggcattatagctatgaaaaagttgtttgtgaataatagagcgagtggcattt
tgtatattattggtgcagtaatcagcgccaatttattaacatttattgcttggttaataagtgggatttc
tgttttaagatataacaaaataggaaaagaagtgtcatag
>Potential gene 5:3168..3542, 375 bp
atgaaaagattaattataggagtgttaattataatgatgagtataatcaattatggttgtggtaatgagc
aaaatgaaaataaatatcaaagtcaaattaataaagtaatgaaaattcaacaagaaactcataaagagat
ggttaaaaagagtaatgaagttaatcctgaatttaataaggataaagtaaatacttatgtatttgatgat
ggcaaattaattatcatcagctataagttatttaaagataaagatcaaatgttttacgcgacttacgagt
ttaaaaacgacaaaatttattataagagagatattaatcctaaaacatacgtgaaagaacaccaatcaga
ttataaagatattaaagtaaaataa
>Potential gene 6:3557..4030, 474 bp
atggaaaaaataaagagaataaacaaaatatttttatcatttgaagttattccatttgcaatgatgattt
tactggcgtttctaccagttattgcaggtataattaataatcgtttgcagtatggtagggattttggcga
tagagtaagcttttattgttatatttcaattatggttgcatatgcaattaccattttgttagaaattatt
ttttactttattttattgaaaaactatcaatatgatcaaaataatattgaattggctaatagagtgaaag
ttacaaaagtactgtcgattttgtatatgattcccggattatatgcgattgcatgctattttagatttat
acatgttcgctcatttagagaaaataaaaaatctggacagcctgcttaccacttttgggaattttttata
aaacctaatcgaaaaccgatagagttgaaagacttttttattaaaaatagataa
>Potential gene 7:4041..4454, 414 bp
atgtcgaaatcatctttaatattggaaaagaattataaacttcaacagtcagcagaaactaaaaccaaaa
tagcagaattaaatgataaaatagaaagagcaacacgaattaagaataaattaaatgatttaaaaaagga
agtgaaagagcatagaacaaattcaaagaatattttcaaagaatattcctattggaagggagaaaataat
tcgaaatgggaagagaaaagtgagagtgaactcataagtggttcaataacaaattgtataaaaaatattg
atgataatatcgatagactcatcgataaaattaccgagatgcaaaatgaagttaattcattgggtagtac
attatctgtactagaaaatgcaataaattcaatagctgctgctattgaaaaattaactaattaa
>Potential gene 8:4467..5729, 1263 bp
atgcctagattagttaattcagagttagaagaatattttaataaaacaaatgatgtgaaaacgaaattaa
atgaagtattatataatcattacactcaatgttattttttatctaaaactggtagtataaaaggaaaaac
agcggatagtataaagaaatatgttgaatcagcacatataagcacaatttctagagctattaatttaatg
gataagttggaagcatcagtaaagcacttaaaagaacttggagaaaaatgcgataaaagtagtaatgcca
aaattggtttacaaactttgaatgaaactaaaaaaggtgtggtctcaaaaaagaaggaattcatagatct
tacaagtaattccccagcaattctatctgaagcatcagaatttattgatactgtgtctttagggaaagat
aatgtagaaagtgattacaatgaaagttccaaaaaaatagatagaactaaagaaaaacttaagactatgg
atcaaacaggtaagcaatcactagaaagtctaagcaatgatgtaagaggattaataactcaaataaataa
attgaataatgaatatcatgataaaaatggaattatcgtatcaaagataaactccattacaaaagaaaat
tggtataaaaatgaaactaacaagggtgaatttaaaaaaatgaaagcggatcatcctgttgcttatgcag
aaggagatgagacaataggtagaactcaagcaatttctaaagatggacatatagttggtacagctgaaat
aggtaaagttagtggaatagcatatcgaagcgacgattcgatgggggttaaaggagatgctaaagtagct
ggattagatggtaaggtaaagtacgagaatgttgaaggtaaggcaggactcgaagtagggagtgtaaaag
gttcagctgaaattagtaactcgcatatatctgctattgcagaagcgcaattaattgatgcggaagcaca
attaagatttggatcagaagataataatttgcatgtaaaaggagatgcaaaagttttgtcagcaagtgcg
agtggatctttaggtgctgatggagtagaagcgaaagctgaagcagtcggagctaatacaggggttgaag
gtggttttgcacttagtggattaaattttgattttggcgcgagtattggggctcaagctgggggaggtgt
aaatgttggcaaaaaaggaattgaagttgatgctaaatttatacttggaggaaaaattaaaattacatgg
taa
>Potential gene 9:5742..6032, 291 bp
atggggaaagaaatttatttagatccaattgaatttcaaaatgtattagagaaatttgaaaaaggatcaa
gtgagattagtgaagtttcaatttctagtataaaagatgctaaaaatgaaattatattagaaagtatagt
tgaactagaaaaaataattgacgacttatcgaaagcgatgaaaacgtattctaagatgattggcagcgat
aaagaagcaatggataaaatagcatcaacaatgcaacggaatgataaagataatgcaaataaaattgcaa
ataggaattag
>Potential gene 10:6035..7114, 1080 bp
atgagatttgattttaatgcgaaaaatggtgagatttctgacaataatatttatacaaatataattatag
gtactggagttggacattctaaagttatatttgataacgggaaagaaattaatttttctaatgcaacgcc
aattatcttcgcacaatatttgaaaattgaattgaaaaagagaaatataattgtagatattaataattat
tttaatagcactgttatttcatttgcgcatgataaaaaatatagatataaggatatgtatattgaaaaat
acaatgaaattattaaagtgatgagtgaagaagatttaaatgaggcatcggttttagaagctaaagagtt
agccaagaaagacatgaattataattttaaaattagtgagtacagagctactatgaaattcatggaatta
tttagtgactatacattttcttttaaaaagttgatttctgatttatggatttttgatcaaaagaatttgg
aagtatttaaaaaatatatgctaaattacgaaaattgtttgattaatataagtgaaaaaattgacaataa
agaaaaattaaagaattttaaaaataaaggtgaaaaatttaattatttatatataccaaagtttaacggt
cataattatatagttgaaaaagcacgtaggaactcttcatttattggatacttatttaaagagtttgata
ataaaaataaacattatgattatgcagtaattttggctactggatattacttatttggcgataattttga
agtgcacaagtctagaaaagaaataggtattttaggtagggaagatgaatgtataaataatataaaaaaa
atagaaaattacaacgttggaaaatttgaagattttaaaaataatatcatggaaagtattaggcgattat
atgaaaaagatagaaaagaattttacgaattgctatctaaactgaatggtgatgtgttggatttgaatga
aataataaaatatatgaaaactttaaccgtaggagatgttataaaagttattaagagttctagttttgtt
aattttaaaattaactttgaggaggtttaa
>Potential gene 11:7051..11559, 4509 bp
atgcataaattgattataaaatataacaaacaattgaagatgctcaatttgcgagatggtaagacatata
ctattagcgaagacgagcgtgcagatattacgttgaaatcgttaggcgaagtcattcatttagaacaaaa
taatcaaggtacttggcaagcgaatcatacttctattaataaggtgcttgttagaaaaggtgaccttgat
gacattacattacaactttatacagaagctgattatgcatcatttgcttatccttcaattcaagatacga
tgacaattgggccaaatgcgtatgatgatatggttattcaaagcttgatgaatgccatcattattaaaga
ttttcaatcaatacaagaatcacaatacgtacgcattgtgcacgataaaaatacagatgtgtatattaac
tatgaactacaagagcaattaacaaacaaagcttacattggtgatcatatttatgttgaagggatatggc
tcgaagtacaagctgatggtttaaatgtattgagtcagaatacagtggcatcgtcattaattcgcttaac
acaagagatgccacatgcacaggcagatgattacaatacgtaccatcgttcgccaaggattattcaccgt
gaaccgaccgatgatattaagattgaaagaccaccacagccaatacagaagaacaatacagtgatatggc
gttccattataccgccattagtaatgattgctttaactgttgtcatctttttagtgagaccaattggtat
ttatattttaatgatgattggtatgagtacagtaacgatagtatttggtattacaacgtatttctctgaa
aagaaaaagtataacaaagatgttgaaaaacgagagaaagattacaaagcttatttggataataaatcta
aagaaattaataaagcgattaaagcacaacgttttagtttgaattatcattatccaacggttgctgaaat
taaagatatcgttgaaacgaaagcaccaagaatatatgaaaaaacatcgcatcatcacgatttcttatat
tataagttaggtattgcgaatgtagaaaagtcattcaaattagattaccaagaagaagaatttaaccaac
gtcgtgatgaactattcgacgatgctaaagaattgtatgaattttacacagatgtagaacaagcaccatt
aatcaatgatttaaatcatgggccaattgcatatattggtgcacgacatctcattttagaagaattggag
aaaatgctaatccaattgtcaacgttccatagttatcatgatttagagtttctatttgtgacacgtgaag
atgaagttgaaacattgaaatgggcacgttggttgccacatatgacattgagaggtcaaaacattagagg
gtttgtttacaatcaacgaacacgtgaccaaattttaacgtcaatttatagcatgattaaagaacgtatc
caagctgtgcgtgaacgcagcagaagtaatgagcaaattattttcacaccgcaattagtgtttgtcatta
cagatatgtcattaattattgatcacgtcattttagaatatgtaaaccaagatttatcagaatatggtat
ttcattaatctttgttgaagatgtgattgaaagtttgccagagcatgtagataccattattgatatcaag
tctcgtactgaaggcgaactgattacgaaagaaaaagaattagttcaattgaaatttacacctgaaaata
ttgataacgtcgataaagaatatatcgcgcgacgtttggcgaatttgatacacgtcgaacatttgaaaaa
tgcaattcctgatagtattacatttttagaaatgtataacgtgaaagaagtagatcagcttgatgtggtt
aatcgatggagacaaaacgaaacatacaaaacgatggcagtacctttaggtgtaagaggtaaagatgaca
ttttatcattgaacttacatgaaaaagcacacggaccacatggtttagttgctggtaccactggttcagg
gaaatctgagattatccaatcatacattttatctttagctattaattttcacccgcatgaagttgcattc
ctattgattgactataaaggtgggggtatggcgaacttatttaaagatttagtccatttagttggtacga
ttacaaacttagatggcgatgaagcgatgcgtgccttaacatcaatcaaagccgaattgagaaaacgtca
acgtttattcggagagcatgatgttaaccatattaatcaataccataagttatttaaagaaggtattgcg
acagaaccaatgccacatttattcattatttccgatgaatttgccgaattaaaatcagaacaacctgatt
ttatgaaagaacttgtatcaacggcacgtattggacgttcgttaggtattcatttaatacttgcgacaca
aaaaccatcgggtgttgttgatgaccaaatttggtctaactctaaatttaaattggcattaaaagtacaa
gatagacaagacagtaatgaaattttaaaaacaccagatgcagcagacattacattaccaggtcgcgcgt
atttacaagttggtaataatgaaatttatgaattgttccaatctgcatggagtggagcaacatataacat
cgaaggcgataaattagaagttgaagataagacgatttacatgattaatgactatggtcaacttcaagca
atcaacaaagacttgagtggacttgaagatgaagaaacgaaagaaaatcaaactgagttagaagcggtta
tcgatcatatcgaatctattacaacacgattagaaattgaagaagttaagcgtccatggttaccaccatt
accagaaaatgtatatcaagaagatttagtagaaacagatttcagaaaattatggtcagatgatgcaaaa
gaagtggaattaacattaggacttaaagacgtaccagaagaacaatatcaagggccgatggtattacaat
tgaaaaaagctggtcacatcgcgttaatcggaagtccaggatatggtagaacaacgttcttacacaacat
tattttcgatgttgcaagacaccatcgtcctgatcaagcacacatgtacttgttcgatttcggaactaat
ggtttgatgccagtcacagacataccacatgttgctgattattttacagtagatcaagaagacaagattg
cgaaggcgatacgtaagatacatgatattatttctgagcgaaaaagactattaagtcaagagagagtagt
taatatagagcaatataataaagaaactggaaattcaattccaaatattttcttaattatcgataactac
gacacggtgaaagaatcaccatttatggaagaatatgaagaaatgatgtctaaggtaacacgtgaaggtt
tagcattaggggtatacatcattctttcaggatcaagatcaagtgcaataaaatcagctatatttactaa
cattaaaacaagagttgcactatacctctttgaaaataatgaattaacaaatattattggttcttataaa
aaaggtgtgaaagatgttaaaggtagagctgcaataaatgatgataacttcacacagttccaaattgcgc
aaccatttgaattagcagaaggacaaacatataacgagcgcattaaaaatgaagtagcacaaatgaaaga
attctatgtaggagattatccaaaacatatcccaatgatgccagataaggtattaatggatgatattcaa
gaaacatatgatttggaaaaaatcattcatgaagaacacaaattaccattaggattagactttgaggatg
tggaactagttggtttcgacttaagtcaaacaaatattttcacttcagttaaacctgttgatatagataa
tggtttaactttattagagaaacagctaaatataatttcaaatgaatatgaaattgcaactttagacaca
aaaggcatattaaaaaatacagggtatgaagattatttgtactgtggagataagaaagaaattattagtt
ttaaaaatgaattagtgagttttataaaaaatgtagaaccacgaaaaaaatggatagtagttatatcgga
ttttaaagaatttataaatattgcatcaccaaataatgatgaaataaaaactatatttttagacggacca
aagaataatgtctttccaattatttacggattgtatcaagaaacaattggaggatttagttctcaaataa
agttacttaaggaaatagtcagtagcgcttttgtaggaattagtattagcgaacaagaattaataaaagt
tcgttataaagtaaatgaaaaaaaccttaagaataatgaaatgtattatatatatataactatgaatata
aaaaaattaaattatttgaataaaaggagagtattatgagatttgattttaatgcgaaaaatggtgagat
ttctgacaataatatttatacaaatataa
>Potential gene 12:11581..12915, 1335 bp
atggttaaaaatcataaccctaaaaatgaaatgcaagatatgttaacacctttagatgccgaagaagcag
ctaaaacaaaattacgtttagatatgagagagattcctaagtcttcaattaaaccagaacattttcattt
aatgtacttattagaacaacattctccatattttatagatgctgaactaactgaactacgtgatagtttc
caaatacattatgacattaatgacaatcatacaccttttgataatattaaatcatttactaaaaatgaaa
aattacgttacttacttaatatcaaaaatttagaagaagtaaatcgtacacgctacacatttgtgttggc
accagatgaattatttttcacaagagatggattgccgattgccaaaacgagaggattacaaaatgttgtt
gaccctttgccaatgtcggaagctgaatttttaacaagatataaagcactggttatatgtgcattcaatg
agaaacaatcatttgacgcattagttgaaggaaacttagaactacataaaggaacaccatttgaaactaa
agttattgaagcggcaacgttagacttattaacttcgtttttagatgaacaatatcagaaacaagaacaa
gattatagtgaaaattatgcatatgttcgtaaagtagggcataccgtttttaaatgggtcgctatcggta
tgacaacgttaagtgtgttattaattgcatttttagcttttttatatttttcagtaatgaagcataatga
gcgcattgaaaaaggataccaagcatttgtaaaggatgattatacgcaagtactaaatacgtatgatgat
ttagatggtaaaaaattagacaaagaagcgctttacatttatgccaaaagctatatccaaacgaacaaac
aaggtttagaaaaagataagaaagaaaacttgcttaataatgtgacgccaaattcgaacaaagattactt
attatattggatggaattaggacaaggacatcttgatgaagcgattgacattgcaacatatttagatgat
aacgatattacgaaattagcgttgattaataaattaaatgagattaaaaataatggtgatttatcgaatg
ataaacgttctgaagaaactaaaaaatataacgataaattgcaagatattttagataaagaaaagcaagt
taaagatgaaaaagcaaaatctgaagaagagaaagcaaaagcgaaagatgagaaattaaagcaacaagaa
gagaacgaaaagaaacaaaaagaacaagcacaaaaagataaagaaaaacgtcaagaagctgaaagaaaaa
aatag
>Potential gene 13:12928..13170, 243 bp
atgaatcagcacgtaaaagtaacatttgattttactaattataattacggcacatatgacttagcagtac
cagcatatttaccgattaagaatctaatagcattagtgttagacagtttggatatttcgattttcgatgt
gaatacacaaattaaagtgatgacgaaaggtcaattacttgttgaaaacgaccgacttattgattatcaa
atcgctgatggagatattttgaagttactatag
>Potential gene 14:13133..13600, 468 bp
atgttgatgaatagcgtgattgctttaacttttttaacagcatctagcaataatggcggacttaatattg
acgtgcaacaagaagaggaaaagcgaatcaataatgatttaaatcaatatgatacaacgctatttaataa
agacagcaaagcggttaatgatgcgattgctaagcagaaaaaagaaagacaacaacaaataaaaaatgat
atgtttcaaaatcaagcgagtcactcgactcgcttgaatgaaactaaaaaagtgttattttccaaatcta
acttagaaaagacttcggagagtgataaaagcccctatattcaaaacaagcaggagaaaaaaatattccc
gtacattttgatgtctgtaggggcttttttgactttaggatttgtcattttttcaattcataaagggaga
cgaacgaaaaatgaatcagcacgtaaaagtaacatttgattttactaa
>Potential gene 15:13600..16629, 3030 bp
atgaaaaagaaaaattggatttatgcattaattgtcactttaattattataattgccatagttagtatga
tattttttgttcaaacaaaatatggagatcaatcagaaaaaggatcccaaagtgtaagtaataaaaataa
taaaatacatatcgcaattgttaacgaggatcaaccaacgacatataacggtaaaaaggttgagctgggt
caagcatttattaaaaggttagcaaatgagaaaaactataaatttgaaacagtaacacgaaacgttgctg
agtctggtttgaaaaatggtggataccaagtcatgattgttatcccagaaaacttttcaaaattggcaat
gcaattagacgctaaaacaccatcgaaaatatcactacagtataaaacagctgtaggacaaaaagaagaa
gtagctaaaaacacagaaaaagttgtaagtaatgtacttaatgactttaacaaaaacttggtcgaaattt
atttaacaagcatcattgataatttacataatgcacaaaaaaatgttggcgctattatgacgcgtgaaca
tggtgtgaatagtaaattctcgaattacttattaaatccaattaacgacttcccggaattatttacagat
acgcttgtaaattcaatttctgcaaacaaagatattacaaaatggttccaaacatacaataaatcattat
tgagtgcgaattcagatacgttcagagtgaacacagattataatgtttcgactttaattgaaaaacaaaa
ttcattatttgacgagcacaatacagcgatggataaaatgctacaagattataaatcgcaaaaagatagc
gtggaacttgataactatatcaatgcattaaaacagatggacagccaaattgatcaacaatcaagtatgc
aagatacaggtaaagaagaatataaacaaactgttaaagaaaacttagataaattaagagaaatcattca
atcacaagagtcaccattttcaaaaggtatgattgaagactatcgtaagcaattaacagaatcactgcaa
gatgagcttgcaaataacaaagacttacaagatgcgctaaatagcattaaaatgaacaatgctcaattcg
ctgaaaacttagaaaaacaacttcatgatgatattgtcaaagaacctgatacagatacaacatttatcta
taacatgtctaaacaagactttatagctgcaggtttaaatgaggatgaagctaataaatacgaagcaatt
gtcaaagaagcaaaacgttataaaaacgaatataatttgaaaaaaccgttagcagaacacattaatttaa
cagattacgataaccaagttgcgcaagacacaagtagtttgattaatgatggtgtcaaagtgcaacgtac
tgaaacgattaaaagtaatgatattaatcaattaactgttgcaacagatcctcattttaattttgaaggc
gacattaaaattaatggtaaaaaatatgacattaaggatcaaagtgttcaactcgatacatctaacaagg
aatataaagttgaagtcaatggcgttgctaaattgaaaaaggatgctgagaaagatttcttaaaagataa
aacaatgcatttacaattgttatttggacaagcaaatcgtcaagatgaaccaaatgataagaaagcaacg
agtgttgtggatgtaacattgaatcataaccttgatggtcgcttatcgaaagatgcattaagccagcaat
tgagtgcattatctagatttgatgcacattataaaatgtacacagatacaaaaggcagagaagataaacc
attcgataacaaacgtttaattgatatgatggttgaccaagttatcaatgacatggaaagtttcaaagac
gataaagtagctgtgttacatcaaattgattcaatggaagaaaactcagacaaactgattgatgacattt
taaataacaaaaagaatacaaccaaaaataaagaagatatttctaagctgattgatcagttagaaaacgt
taaaaagacatttgctgaagagccacaagaaccaaaaattgataaaggcaaaaatgatgaatttaatacg
atgtcttcaaatttagataaagaaattagtagaatttctgaaaagagtacgcaattgctatcagatacac
aagaatcaaaatcaattgcagattctgttagtggccaattaaatcaagtcgacaataatgttaataagct
acatgcgacaggtcgagcattaggcgtaagagcgaatgacttgaaccgtcaaatggctaaaaacgataaa
gaaaatgatttattcgctaaagagtttaaaaaagtattacaaaattctaaagatggcgacagacaaaacc
aagcattaaaagcatttatgagtaatccggttcaaaagaaaaacttagaaaatgttttagctaataatgg
taatacagacgtgatttcaccgacattattcgtattattgatgtacttactatcaatgattacagcatat
attttctatagttatgaacgtgccaaaggacaaatgaatttcattaaagatgattatagtagtaaaaatc
atctttggaataatgtcattacgtcaggtgttattggtacaactggtttgatagaaggattaattgtcgg
tttaattgcaatgaataagttccatgtattagctggctatagagcgaaattcatcttaatggtgatttta
actatgatggtcttcgtacttattaatacgtatttactaagacaggtaaaatctatcggtatgttcttaa
tgattgctgcattgggtctatactttgtagctatgaataatttgaaagcagctggacaaggtgtgactaa
taaaatttcaccattatcttatatcgataacatgttcttcaattatttaaatgcagagcatcctataggc
ttggcgctagtaatattaacagtacttgtgattattggcttcgtactgaacatgtttgtaaaacacttta
agaaagagagattaatctaa
>Potential gene 16:16712..17005, 294 bp
atggcaatgattaagatgagtccagaggaaatcagagcaaaatcgcaatcttacgggcaaggttcagacc
aaatccgtcaaattttatctgatttaacacgtgcacaaggtgaaatttcagcgaactgggaaggtcaagc
tttcagccgtttcgaagagcaattccaacaacttagtcctaaagtagaaaaatttgcacaattattagaa
gaaattaaacaacaattgaatagcactgctgatgccgttcaagagcaagaccaacaactttctaataatt
tcggtttgcaataa
>Potential gene 17:17244..18146, 903 bp
atggttattatgaagaaaacaattttactgacgatgacaactcttactttatttagtatgtcgcctaact
cggctcaagcatacacgaatgatagcaaaacattagaagaagcaaagaaagcacacccaaacgcacagtt
caaagtgaataaagacaccggcgcgtatacttatacttatgacaaaaacaacgcgccaaacaacaatcat
caaaatcagtcacgtacaaacgacaatcatcaacacgcaaatcaacgtgattttaacaacaatcagtacc
attcttcattaagtggtcagtatacgcacattaatgacgcaattgattcacacacaccgcctcaaacgtc
accaagcaatcctttgacaccagccataccgaatgtcgaagacaatgacgatgaattaaataacgctttt
tcaaaagataacaaagggcttattacaggcatcgatttagacgaattgtatgacgaattacaaatcgccg
aatttaatgacaaagcaaagactgctgacggtaaacctttagcattaggtaacggtaaaatcattgatca
gcctcttatcacaagtaagaacaacttatatactgctggacaatgtacatggtatgtctttgataaacgt
gccaaagatggacacacgattagtacattttggggagatgctaaaaactgggcaggccaagcttcaagca
atggcttcaaagtagatagacacccaacacgaggatcaattttgcaaacagtaaacggtccatttggtca
tgtagcctacgttgagaaagttaatattgatggaagtattctaatttcagaaatgaattggattggtgaa
tatatcgtttcatcaagaaccatctctgcttcagaagtttcatcatatagttacatccattaa
>Potential gene 18:18477..20000, 1524 bp
atgtctaaaaagttaaaaattataattcctattattattgtcttattattaataggtggaatcgcatggg
gagtttatgcattttttgcaaacacaccgaaaaatacatacttaaaaagtgaacaacaaactgcaaaaat
gtataaagattattttaatgaccgttttgaaaacgaagtgaagttccaagaaaagatgaaagataattca
tttttatcttcattagaattaagcgcagatgcatcagatgaaattgttaaggggcttggtattcctaaat
ctgttgttaatgcttcgaaaattaaaatgtcatatggacatgatcctaaaaaagagaaatcaatgattaa
tcttgaaccaacaatagcagactctgaattagggaaattccagttagctgcagataaagataagcattat
ttcgaatcaccattatttaaagggaaatatagtgttaataattctgatttattatcaacttattcaaaac
ttacaggtgaagatgaagaaacagcaaaagaaaatggtattacaaaccaacaactaaatttaaatactct
ttttagtaatgctcaagcacaacaaagtgactacagcaaaattgccgaaaaatattccgaacttattgtc
gacaaattagatgacgataattttgataaaggtaaaaaagaagaaattaaggttaatggtgaaaagtaca
aagttagacctgtcacgttaacacttagcagagctgacactaaaaaaattacattagctgtattagaaga
agctaaaaaggataaagaccttaaaaaattaatggaagaacaaggtgctacaaaagactttgaaaaagac
atcaaaaaagcaattgacgatgtcaaagaaactaaaaaagatgaatttgctaaaattcaatctaaaattt
ataccgaaaaacatacgattgtaaaacgagaaattactattacagacaaagaaaataataaaactaaaat
caaaggtactaatactttagaagacaataagttaaaactagattacgcacttgatttcgatcaagataaa
tacacgtatgctgaagcgaaatatacaattaaaggcgtatcttctaaggaaaaagacaataaatacagtg
ataaatacgaatttggtaaaaagacagaatatgatgaatcaaaaatcaaattagataaccaagagaaagt
agatggcacaaaacgtcaagataaaggtaaaattactgtcgcattagataaatatagcgacgaaaatgaa
ttcacttttgaaaataatatagattctgacgtaaaaaataacactcagaaatctacgttaaatatcggca
tcaaatatgctgaagaaccaattaatttcattttaaaatctagcacaaaattgaaagcagatattgattt
tgatgatagtggtgcgaaagatttcaatagtctatcttcaaaagatcgtgaaaaacttgaaaaagaaatc
gaaaaaaatggcggcaaaatgtttgaatcaattttaaaaaaggcatctaaataa
>Potential gene 19:20068..21291, 1224 bp
atgaaaacaatacatttgtttcgcatctaccactcttttttattgaaaaagtggtatttgattatctatt
tactatttatattagcggcactcgttattacattaacgacaatccaacatgtaacagaagatgacaatca
ttttaatataggtgtcgtagataaagatcaatcaagtgaaacgaaattaatcttaaactctattggtaaa
gggagtaacctaggaaaaaatgtgagcattaaagcatatgatgataagcaagcacatactttgttaaaaa
aacataaacttcaaggttattttgtttttgataaaggtatgaccaaggcattttataaacaaggcgaact
accaatttcagtatatacatatgatcaacaatccatgaaaagtgtcgtgctatctcagctaacagattct
gtttaccaacgtcttatgcgatcaatgggtggcatcttagcttttcaagacttagcaccgaaagcatcac
attctgacagtatcaatgttatgactgatttgctgattacaggattaaaccgttcaggtgcatttaactt
agaaccgattcatttatacgatacgggcagttattatgcaattacaggatttttaacaacggtattcatc
tttgcactatctttatttacagttttgaaaatgaatcaagatactgtattgaaagcgcgattgaaaatgt
ttcatttttctaaagagcgtttgttaatcattcgtgcgttgattacatggttttatactatgttatggag
tatcgttggtgtagtttggattgtgttcagtattccgaatacctttgaattatataattggccaacgtta
gccattcatttaagctattatgttacctttttaatactgtggttattactcatcgaacttttaactacag
gcttgttgaatagtattagtaaagtcatattagctattgtcatcctggtgttatctggtttaacaatacc
tacgatttttttacaacatatagcaaatggcgttttcaatattcaaccgttcgcagttgtaacaaatcaa
ttgttagaaattattttaaacaactacattttagaactgcaccctagtttctatcttagcttcatcgcac
ttttgataattaatttagctgtattggtttggaggtatcgtcaatgaagccttatatacaacttgttgtg
ttcaagcaatggttacaatacatcttgctcgtaa
>Potential gene 20:21231..22151, 921 bp
atgaagccttatatacaacttgttgtgttcaagcaatggttacaatacatcttgctcgtaacaaccattg
tcatcgcactcgtacttattggtatcggttaccgtgtagcacatgacaacttcaaaataccgattaccat
tcaagatttagaccaaaccactgcatcaaaatcattcgtcaataaaattaaacaatctgactatgtaact
attaaaaaagtcgatgaagatgaaagctatattgaagatgatgttactaaaaaggaagctattttaagta
tgcaaattcctaaaggtttctctcaaaaattaaaagagaaccgtttaaaagaaacgatacagttatatgg
tagagatgactttataggtggtattgctgtagaaattgttagtagttcattatatgagcagcaaattcct
aacattatttatgaacaccttgaggatatgaaacagcatcaatccatcgatgctatcaacaagtcctatc
ataaacatacacctgaatctaaaatcaaatttgtgtcgcttactaaacaagcacaacactctatttcaat
tagcttaatctttgcggtgattttatttgttagcgctgttcaagtagtacttcattatcgtttaaaccaa
caagcagcattgcaacgattatcacaatatcatttaagccgtttcaaactatatagtacttatgtaatga
cacatacgattttgttattgttggtactattggcagttagtctatatttgtctcaaccactcagcttaat
attttacttaaaatcactgttacttatattgatttatgagataggtatcgtctttatcttattccatatt
caaacaataagtcatcgattattcatgacatttatatatgcacttgctatgggtatcgtatacttgacca
ttttcatgtaa
>Potential gene 21:22165..22824, 660 bp
atgatagaaattaataacctttcaaagcgttaccgtaacaaacagattttcaatcatttaaccatgtcct
ttgatagtaatcgattaaccgtattacttggtgataatggcgctggaaaatcaacattacttcgtatgat
tgctggtattgaaaaagctaatgatggaactatcaactatttcggcgaaaaatggaatcaaagacaaata
caaaatcacatcggttatgtgccacaagacattgcgttatttgaacacatgacagtggctgaaaacatta
aattttttaaatcactttgtaaaaatccaattaacgatacaactatcaacgaatatttacagcaattaaa
ttttgatgatacgtctgccaaagtatctacattgtccggtgggaataaacgtaaaattaatatattagta
ggtttactaggtaaacctcgaattctcattttagatgaaccgacagttggtattgatttaaaatctagac
atgacatccaccaactacttaacattatgaaatctaaatgtttaattatattaactacccatcatttaga
tgaagttgaagcacttgcagatgatatcaagttaattggccaagatcctttttatcaacatgttttagag
gacaaacaatggacttatacctattattaa
>Potential gene 22:22876..23841, 966 bp
atggaggatgttttatacatgaaaaaattaacagcagcagcgattgcaacgatgggcttcgctacattta
caatggcgcatcaagcagatgcagcagaaacgacaaacacccaacaagcacatacacaaatgtcagcaca
atcacaagacgtatcttatggtacttattatacaattgattctaatggggattatcatcacacacctgat
ggtaactggaatcaagcaatgtttgataataaagaatatagctatacattcgtagatgctcaaggacata
cgcattatttttataactgttatccaaaaaatgcaaatgccaatggaagcggtcaaacatatgtgaatcc
agcaacaacaggagataacaatgactacacagcgagtcaaagccaacagcacattaatcaatatggttat
caatcaaatgtaggtccagacgcgagctattattcacatagtaacaaccaagcgtataacagccatgatg
gtaatggaaaggtcaattaccctaatggcacgtctaatcaaaatggcggatcagcaagtaaagcgacagc
tagtggtcatgcgaaagacgcaagctggttaacaagtcgtaaacaactacaaccatatggacaatatcac
ggtggtggtgcgcattacggtgtcgactatgcaatgcctgaaaattcaccagtttactcattaactgatg
gtacagtagtacaagcaggttggagtaactatggtggtggtaatcaagtaacgattaaagaagcgaacag
taataactaccaatggtatatgcataataatcgtttaactgtttcagctggtgataaagtcaaagctggt
gaccaaattgcatattcaggtagtacgggtaattcaacagcgcctcacgtacacttccaacgtatgtctg
gtggcatcggtaatcaatatgcagtagacccaatgtcatacttgcaaagtagataa
>Potential gene 23:24149..25141, 993 bp
atgtgcacaggattcacaatacaaactttaaataatcaagtacttcttggacgcacgatggattatgatt
atccattagatggttcgccagcagtgacgcctagaaattatcgttggacatctcgcactggcacgacagg
ccaaacgcaatatggctttattggcacaggaacagatatggaaggttttatttatggtgatggtgttaat
gaacatggcgttgccatttcaacacaatatttccgaggttatagttcatatggatcaacacacaaagcgg
acgcgatgaatattacgcaaaatgaaattgtaacatggattttgggatatacaacaagcattgaagatat
gaaacaacaagcatcccaaatacatgttgtagctgtatatttaaatgatatcggtgaagttccgccattg
cattatcatgtttccgatgcaactggacaatcagtcgaagtttcatttaaagagggtgaagtggttataa
aagataaccctattggtgtcttaacaaatcatccagacttagattggcattatagtaatttaaggcaata
tatcaatatttctccttatccagcaacagcaaatttattggaaggtgtaacgattgaacctttaggcaat
gaagcaggtacatttggattgccaggtggatttacttcaactgagcgctttgtgagaatggcatttatga
aagcaaacattgctcaaaacaatgataaagaaatggatttaatgaatgcattttatttattagatgcggt
aaatataccgattggaattgtacgtccgcatgatgctgacaatcactatacgatgtatcagaccgtaata
aatttaactacaagaacgttatatattaagtattatggtagcaatgaaatagtagcattaaagctcacag
atgatttaattaatagaaaagatatgacgatttttaagcctgagaagcatatcactattagaaagttgaa
tgacaatcaatag
>Potential gene 24:25172..25372, 201 bp
atgtcactccttgtaaaaattaaatatagaaagtcatgagatgaagtgaacggatgtatagatgatcgtt
cactcacacataagtcatgatttccttacatatcataccacagttattgagaatgaatatcaattaattg
cttgtatgattgattttttatagtatgtttaagtgaaacagctttatttgaaagtgattaa
>Potential gene 25:25423..26751, 1329 bp
atgttgtctgcattaacatattggttgtttgcacaatcatttattaatataggacctctcgttggtcaaa
cgtatcaaacctctcctgccgtgttaaatttatctattagtttaacttccttcgccacaggtatcttcat
ggtggctgcaggtgatattgctgataaaataggacaactgagaatgacatacatgggtctcataatcagt
atgtttgcatctcttctattaattatatcggacatcactgcactgctcatcatcggtagaattttacaag
gtctatcagcagctatcttgttaccttcaacagttggcgttttaaataatcaatttaaaggagaacattt
aagacgagcgattagttatctaatgattagtactgttggtggcatcggcctagctggtgttatcggcggt
ttaatcgccacaaatttcggatggcaaacgaatttcatcattagtatagtcattgctttcattgccatat
tgcttctaaaaggcacacctgaaaaagtaagtcaacatagccatcgtcatccattcgattacaaaggtat
gtcgattttcgctgttatgattggtagctttacattattgttaacacaaggattcgaacaaggttggttt
agtacattttcattcatttgtctgagcatttttatcatcactacgttgatattcatcatcatcgaacgtc
gacatgaagtaccttttattgatttttcagtattacgcaaccgtccgttcattggtgcatttttaaataa
ctttgttttaaatagcggtctaggcgtaacagtggtctttttcatatatgctcaaacacaccttggttta
tcagctgcgcaatctggacttgttacattgccatatgccattgtggcagttgcgatgattcgtttaggtg
aaaaagcaacattacgtttcggtggcaaattgatgctcatcattggtccgttgttccctgtcatcggcat
cactattattagcatgactcaattatcggcatcacaatatgtcattgcagttatcattggtttcgtcatt
tgcgcaattggaaatggtttagtcgcaacacccggccttacaattgcaattttcagtatgccaaatgaaa
aagttggtttagctacaggattatataaaatgagtggtacattaggtggcgcctttggtatagcactaag
tactacagttttcagtatgttacaactaaactatgcaccaagtgtagctgcaaccgtaacatttatcgtc
agcattgtattgatgatccttggctcattgtctgcatacatgatcattccaaaaacagttaaatcttaa
>Potential gene 26:26879..27271, 393 bp
atgcaattcaaattaaaagaagaagagattattagttttttagaattgaaatatccagaaaaagagttcg
aatatggtcgtttgttagttggacaacataaacgtgatgatttagatgtttattactttggtgatacgtt
tttaatgtgcacgattatttcattcaagacatttgaaattaaagaaacagtagaattatcatatgatgct
gttaatcgtattgtgttaaaagatggatggttatttagaaaaatgagaatagaaacaatgcaaaaagtgt
taaaatacggtacatctaaattaatgttaactgattttcaaaaagagaattataataaatatattcaagg
tcagaaacaacgcgtgatatttgaaaatggccattttgtctaa
>Potential gene 27:27652..28650, 999 bp
atgaaaaaagtgtcaattaaagatgttgctagagaagctggtgtatcagttacaactgtgtcacatattt
taaatcataatgatagtcgtttttccgcaacaacgataaaaaacgtacatgctgtttcagaacgtttagg
ctatgcccctaataaacatgcaaaacaattgcgcggcagtaaaattcaaactattggcgtcattttacct
agcttaacaaatccgtttttctcagcactaatgcaaagtattcatgaccataaaccatctgatgttgatt
tatgctttttaacatctacagcaactgatttgtatgacaatattaaacatttaattgatcgaggtattga
cggattaattatcgcacaatacatatcatccccggacgccctaaataactatctaaagaaacatcatgta
ccttatgtcgtactggatcaaaatgaccatcaaggctatacagattttgttcggacaaatgaatatcaag
gtggacaacttgcagcacaacatttaatagaactcggtcacaacaatatgatagttgttgcaccatatga
catgatggcgaatatgtcgactcgtgtcgctggatttgtcgatactttgcgcgcgaatcaattgccagaa
ccacaaatcgtccatactgaattatctaagcgcggtgggctaaccattgttgatgacatcatggttcaat
ctgccactgcaatcttcgctattaacgatgaactcgctattggcattttacgaggactaattgaacatgg
catcagtatcccgaaagatatctcattaataggttatgacgacattgattatgcagcgtacgtctcgcca
cctttaactactgtggcacaacctataactgatattggcaaaacatctttaaccttattacttcaacgat
tacagcacttagataaatccattgatatgattgaattaccaacgactttaaaaattcgtgcaacaactgg
ctatcatctttcaaactaa
>Potential gene 28:28882..29763, 882 bp
atgagcattgttgcattacttatcgggttaggccccttaattggctggggattcttcccaacagtcgctt
caaagtttggtggtaaacctgtacatcaaattatcggtgctactgtaggtacgttaatcttcgctattat
attagccgtagtcacatcaagcggcttccctactggaaccaatttgctattcgccttattatcaggtgct
ggttggggattcggacaaatcattacatttaaagcgttcgaattagtcggttcatctcgtgccatgccag
tcacaacagcattccaattattaggcgcatctttatggggtgtctttgcattaggaaattggccaggcat
tggtcataaaatcattggatttacagctttagtcgttattctaattggtgcgcgtatgacagtttggagt
gaacgcaaagaagcaagtaacgccaaaaatttacgtcgtgcagtggtacttctgttaattggtgaatttg
gatactggttatattcagctgcaccgcaagcaacttctattgatggcctaactgcctttttacctcaagc
aatgggtatggtaattgttgcagtcatttatggctttatgaatatgaaagcagagaatccattccgtaat
aaaattacgtggttacaaattatttcaggtttcttctttgcatttggtgccttaacatatcttatttcag
cacaacctaatatgaatggtttagcaactggatttattctttctcaaacatccgttgtgcttgctacatt
aactggtatttatttcttaaaacaacataaaacgtcaaaagaaatggttattacaatcatcggcttagta
ctcattttagtagccgcttctgttacagtatttataaaataa
>Potential gene 29:29778..30182, 405 bp
atgaaaaaaacagctgttttaaatgaacatatttcaaaagcaatcgcgacaattggtcattttgatctat
taacgattaatgacgctggcatgccaattccaaatgatcatcgtcgtatcgacctagctgtaactaaaaa
cttaccacgctttattgatgtcttagctacagtgttagaagaaatggaaatccaaaaaatatacttagca
gaagaaataaaagaacataaccctacacaattgcaacaaattaaacaattgatttcatcggaaatcgaaa
tcattttcattcctcacgaagaaatgaaaagtaacttagctcacccattaaataaaggtaatattcgtac
tggtgaaacaacgccctactctaatattgcattagaatcgaatgttactttttaa
>Potential gene 30:30210..31124, 915 bp
atgaccaacaaagttgttattttaggttcaacgaatgtcgatcaatttttaacagttgaaagatatgcac
aaccaggcgaaacattacatgttgaagaagcacaaaaagcattcggcggaggtaaaggtgccaaccaggc
tattgccactgcacgcatgcaagcagacacaacatttattactaaaattggcactgatggcgttgctgat
ttcatcttagaagattttaaagcggctcatattgatacatcatatattatcaaaacagctgaggcaaaaa
cgggccaagcctttatcactgtgaatgcagaaggacaaaacaccatctatgtttatggtggtgcgaatat
gacgatgacacctgaagatgttattaacgcaaaagacgctataatcaatgcagactttgtcgttgcacaa
ttagaagtacccatcccggctattatatctgcatttgaaattgccaagtcacatggtgtgacgacagtat
taaatcctgcaccagcgaaagcattacctaatgaattattgtcactaatcgatattattgtgccaaacga
aacagaagccgaattgttatctgggattaaagtaactaatgaacaatctatgaaagacaatgctaattac
tttttatctttaggcattaagactgttttgattacgttaggtaagcaaggtacatattttgctactaaaa
atcaaagccaacacatcgaagcttataaagtaaatgcgattgatacaactgctgcaggcgacacatttat
tggtgcatttgtcagtcgcttaaacaagtcgcaagataacttagcagatgctattgattttggtaataaa
gcgagctcactcactgtacaaaaacacggcgcgcaagcatctattcctctactagaagaagtaaatcaag
tttaa
>Potential gene 31:31125..31241, 117 bp
atgaatcaaacacagctatgatttgaaggtttagcatataacatgcaacattcgtatatcatggctgtgc
tttttatctttataaaacatcatctactagaaataattttccactaa
>Potential gene 32:31375..32136, 762 bp
atgtctaaagaagccggtcatacatttttagctaaattaggaaaaactcgtctacgccccggtggtaaag
aagcaacagattggttaatacaacaaggggcattttcacaagataaacaagtgttagaagtggcatgtaa
tatgtgtacgacatctatttatctagctcatacatatggctgtcacattcaaggcgttgatataaataag
aaagcattagaaaaagcacaagaaaatatctcagcagcaggtcttgaatcatatattcaagttcaacaag
cgaatgctgttaaattgccctttgatgacaatcaattcgatatcgttttaaatgaagcaatgttaacaat
gttacccatcgccataaaggaaaaagcattacgcgagtactaccgagtcttaaagcctgggggtatcttg
ttaacacatgatattgtcatcgttaatgaatcacatgccacacatgtagttaaatcattatctgcagcaa
ttaatgtcaatgtctcaccgcagacgaaacttggctggttagatttatatcatcaagctggttttaatca
tgtacattatcatactggtccaatgagtttaatgacacctaaaggtttaatttatgatgaaggtattgtc
ggaactttaaagattatcaacaatgctttaaaaaaagaaaatcgaccaatgttttgtaaaatgtttaaaa
cgatgactaaactgcgaaaagatatgaattatattacttttgtcgctaaaaaagagcactaa
>Potential gene 33:32631..34067, 1437 bp
atgacaaaattaccgcaaaattttatgtggggtggcgctcttgccgcaaatcaatttgaaggtggatatg
ataaaggtggcaaaggattaagtgtaattgatgttatgacgagtggtgcacatggcaaagcacgtcagat
tacagaatctatagatccaaatcactattatccaaatcatgaaggtattgatttttatcatcgttataag
gaagatattgccttgtttaaagaaatgggattgaaatgtttacgtacgtcgattgcgtggacacgtatct
ttccgaatggggatgaagatgtgccaaatgaagaaggacttgccttttatgatcgtatctttgatgaatt
aattgcacaaggtattgaacctgttgtgacgttatcacattttgagatgccacttcatttagcgaaacat
tatggtggatttagaaatagagaagttgtcgattattttgtgcattttgcgcgtgttgtatttgaaagat
ataaagataaagtgacatattggatgacgtttaatgaaattaataatcagatggacacatcaaatcctat
ctttttatggacaaattctggggtagcattaacagaaaatgataatcccgaagaagtcttgtatcaagta
gcacatcatgaacttttagccagtgctttagcggttcgtcttggtaaagagattaatccgaaatttaaga
ttggaacaatgatttcacatgtacccatttatccatattcgtgtcatccgaaagatatgatggaagcaca
aattgcgaatcgcttacgtttctttttcccggatgttcaagtaagaggttattatccaagctatgctaaa
aaaatgttggcacgaaaaggatatgattttggatggcaagaaggggacgacagtattttacagcagggca
cggttgattatattggctttagttattacatgtctacggctgtaaaacatgatgttgatactacagttga
aaacaacatcgtcaacggtggtttgaatcattctgtggagaatccgcatatcgcaacgagtgattggggt
tgggcgattgatccagatggcttaagatatacattgaatgtgttatatgatcgttatcagttgccacttt
ttattgtggaaaatggttttggtgcagttgatgaagtggtagatggacatattcatgatgattatcgcat
tgaatatttaaaagtacatattacagcagcgatagaagcagttgatcaagatggtgtagatttaatcggt
tatacgccgtggggaatcattgatattgtttcatttacaactggtgaaatgaagaaacgctatggtttaa
tatatgttgatcgagataatgatggtcatggcacgatggaacgcttgaaaaaagattcgttctattggta
taaacaagtgatagcatcaaatggagataaattataa
>Potential gene 34:34083..34874, 792 bp
atgagtaataaatataaagaccaagcccaagacattcttacagctgtgggtggtgtcgaaaacattgttg
atgtaacgtatgacacgaagggcattacaattcatatgcaacatacaattccttctacagcaaatgaagt
gaaacaaatagttgatgtgacatctgtagcagaaaatgatgcgcagttagtcataaaattaaacggaaat
gtcgatgaagtgtatcagcaattacagcgattaattaaggatgctaatgttgaagagggtgcgaatactg
acaatattaatagccaagatacaagttatacacctcaagcaaaagtgacaacaccgattttagtgaaagc
accaatcgctggtcgtcgtattttacttaaagaagtaagagattcaatttttagagagaaaatggtaggt
gaaggcttggcaatcaaagctcatgaagaatccaaagtaatcgcaccgttcaatggtttaatatctatga
ttgtacctactaaacatgctatcggtattcgttcagaagaaggtgtggacatagtcattcatattggcgt
gaatacagttgacttggaaggtaaaggattcaagtgctttgtaaagcaaaatgatcgtgttgaagctggg
caaacactgttacaattcgatcaacaatatattcaggaacaaggttataactcagacgttattgtcgtta
ttagcaactctgccgatttaggaaaagtagaactgacaatgaatgaaatcattacgactgaagatgttat
ttttaaaatatttaaaaactag
>Potential gene 35:35296..35727, 432 bp
atgacaagtaaggtgcttgtttttaaggagattgcaacgccacctaaatctgtacaagatgaactccaat
taaatgcagatgataccgtctactatttagagcgattaagattcgtggacgatgatgttttatgtatcga
atattcttattatcataaagaaatcgtgaaatatttaaatgatgatattgctaagggctctatcttcgac
tatttagaatcaaacatgaaacttcgtattggtttttcagatattttctttaatgtagatcaactcaatt
caagtgaagcggcattactacaattatctaagggcgaaccatgtttacgttatcaccaaacgttttatac
aatgactggcaaaccttttgattcgtctgacatcgtatttcattatcgtcatgcacagttttatattcct
agtaaaaagtaa
>Potential gene 36:35953..38244, 2292 bp
atgagtatgcaaagttcatataaacgtttagttaaagtgctactaacgattttagtgattgtgttttcaa
ttttactagtaggtggttggtatatttttaaaaatgaagcacctcgtccaacaaagatagtagatcaaca
aggtcatacgcttgttacaaaaggcgagctgatcagtgggcaagcgatatatgagaaatatgggttaaca
gattatggctcctacctaggcaatggttcctatttaggtccagattatacagcagaggcattacatcatt
acctgattggcatgcgtaaatattatgcacaagatatttatcataagcaacttcataaattaaatcatgc
agagttagccgtagttaaagataaagtgatgaaagaaatacggattaatcgttattctgaaaaagaagat
caacttgtattaacgccaggacaagtatacggtctaaaatatttgcaagattattataaaaaagagtttg
ttaataaccctaaacaagtagggttaaatgaaaatatgattaaacagtttcaaaatgatgattatatggt
cgcaggaaataaagttgaacatttaagtcaattctttttctggggtgcttggctatcgtcaacagataga
cctggaaaaacattttcatatacaaataattggccatacgatgtggatgcaggaaatacgttgcctagtg
cagggattttatggactgctatatctgtaacattactgattgcaggcttggcattcattatatatattca
aaagcgttatcaatttgacatgaagccgacgtatgagtcggaacgggaactaccaaagattgaagtggat
cgtaaaatcactgatagtcaacgaaaagttgggaaatatttagtcgttgtcatgttactatttttggttc
aaatattattaggcgaattactggcacattattatgtagagaataaattttttggtatagaaatacaaag
gctctttccatttaatattgcgaagacatggcatgtgcaattagttattttctgggttgctacgacttgg
ttagcagcaggaatatacattgtacctaaagtattgggcaaagaaccaaagaaacaaggcgtattagtag
atatcttgttttgggccttaatcatagttgtgatgggcagcatgattggagaatggggtcatattttagg
ttggattgattctcattggtggctattcgggcactttggttgggaatatatagaattaggtaaattttgg
caaatattatttatagtaggtatggtcttatgggttatcattctttgtcgaggttttttaccagctattc
gcaacaaagtacaagtgaatcatgataaacgtcacttattgacgctattgtttgttggagcaattgcaat
tccgttattttatcttgcatcattatttataatgccgaattcacatgtgacgtttgccgattactggcga
tggtggattgttcacttatgggttgaaggtatatttgaagcatttgccgtagtgttgattggtttcttaa
tggttaatatgaaattaactaccattgaaacgacgattcgtgcattatattttcaattaatcttattact
aggtacaggtattgttggtatgggtcatcattactattggcaaggtgatcattccatatggctagcactg
ggttcttgtttttcagcattagaagtcgtgccgctttgtttattaatttgggaagcatacacacactatc
gcttatataagaatagtgacatcgcttttccttacaaaggtacatttatttttcttgcttcaacaggatt
gtggaatgcaattggtgctggagcattaggctttttaattaacacaccagcagttaactactttgaacat
ggtacgcaatggactgcagcacatgcccatggttctatggctggcgtgtatggtatgttctcaattgcaa
ttgcgttgtatgtttttaaaaatattactaaaaaagaattttggacaccgaaagttgaaaaatggattaa
aatatcatgttgggctttaaatattggcttggcaggtatggtgttcgttacattaatgccagtaggttat
atccaacttaaagatgcattagaacatggttattggcattcaagactaacgtcattttatgaacaaccac
ttgtaaaagcaatcatgtgggggagaatgccttgggacattatattcacagtaggtgtcattatattagt
agttatttttataaggggatacagacacttaaaaccaaaatacagagtatag
>Potential gene 37:38585..39286, 702 bp
atgattaaccacttagcactaaacacaccttacttcggaatactgttatccgttataccatttttcttag
cgaccatattatttgaaaaaactaatcgtttcttcttattcgcaccgctatttgtcagtatggtatttgg
tgtggccttcctctatttaacaggcattccgtataagacttacaaaataggtggagatattatttacttc
ttcttagaaccggcaacaatctgttttgcgattccgttatataaaaagcgtgaagtgcttgttaaacatt
ggcatcgtatcatcggaggtattggtatcggtacagttgtagcgttattaattattttaacttttgcgaa
gttagcacaatttgccaatgatgttattttatcaatgttacctcaagcagcaactacagcgattgcgtta
ccagtatcagctggtatcggtggtataaaagaattaacatcattagcagttattttaaatggtgtcatta
tttatgccctaggtaataaattcttgaagcttttccgaattactaaccctattgcccgaggattagcact
tggaacaagtggtcacacattaggtgtagcaccagccaaagaattaggacctgtagaagaatcaatggca
agtatagctttagtgttagttggtgtagttgttgtagcagttgtgcctgtctttgtagcaatattcttct
aa
>Potential gene 38:39279..39722, 444 bp
atggtcgtgaaacaacaaaaagacgcatcaaaaccagcacacttttttcaccaagtcattgtaattgctt
tagtactctttgtatcgaaaataattgaatcatttatgccaattcctatgcctgcatcagtaatcggttt
agtattattatttgtattattatgtactggtgctgttaagttaggcgaagtcgaaaaagtaggaacgaca
ctaacaaataacattggcttactcttcgtaccagccggtatctcagttgttaactctttaggtgtcatta
gccaagcaccatttttaatcattggactaataatcgtctcaacaatactattacttatttgtactggcta
tgtcacacaaattattatgaaagttacttcgagatctaaaggtgacaaagtcacaaaaaagatcaaaata
gaggaggcacaagctcatgattaa
>Potential gene 39:39835..40575, 741 bp
atgaaagcattaatcatagatgatgagccattagcacgtaatgaattaacatatttattaaatgaaattg
gtggttttgaagaaattaatgaggcagaaaatgtaaaagaaacattggaagcactactgataaatcaata
tgacattatatttttagatgtcaatttaatggatgaaaatggtatcgaattaggagctaaaattcaaaag
atgaaagagccacctgcgattatttttgcaactgcacatgaccaatacgcagtacaggcatttgaattaa
atgcgacagattatattttgaaaccgtttggtcaaaaacgtattgaacaagcagtcaataaagttcgtgc
gactaaagccaaagatgataatagcgcaagtgcaattgcgaatgatatgtcggcgaattttgatcaaagt
ttacctgttgaaattgacgataaaattcacatgttaaagcaacaaaatattattgggattggcacacata
atggtattacaaccatacatacaacaaatcataaatacgaaacaacagagccattgaatcgttatgaaaa
acgattgaatcccgcttatttcatacgtattcatcgttcatatattattaacacgaaacacattaaagaa
gtgcaacaatggtttaactacacttatatggtaatattgacaaatggtgtcaagatgcaagttggacgtt
catttatgaaagattttaaagcgtcgataggattactttaa
>Potential gene 40:40578..42383, 1806 bp
atgcactattatgataaaataaacataattataattcactgaggtgctatcgtgctatcgctaacaatgt
tattacttgagcgtgtaggtttaattattattttggcctatgtgttgatgaatattccatattttaaaaa
cttaatgaatcgtcgacgtacatggaaagcacgttggcaattatgtattattttcagtttgtttgcctta
atgtctaatttaactggtatcgtcatcgatcatcaacatagtttgtcaggaagtgtgtacttccgtttag
atgatgatgtatctttagctaacacacgtgtattgacaataggtgtcgcaggattagttggtggcccttt
tgtaggtctatttgttggcgttatttcaggtattttcagagtgtatatgggtggggcggatgcacaagtt
tatcttatctcatctatatttatcggtataattgctggttattttggtttacaagctcaaagacgcaagc
gttacccgagtattgcgaaaagtgccatgattggaattgttatggaaatgattcaaatgttgagcatttt
aacattttcccacgacaaagcatatgcggttgacctcatatcattaattgcactaccaatgattattgtt
aatagcgttggtacggcgatttttatgtctattatcatttcaacattaaagcaagaggagcaaatgaagg
ctgttcaaacacatgatgtactgcaattgatgaaccagacattgccgtattttaaagaaggattgaatag
agaatcggcacagcaaattgcgatgattattaaaaatttaatgaaagtatctgccgtagcaattacaagc
aaaaatgaaatcttatcgcatgtaggtgcaggtagtgatcatcacataccaacaaatgaaatattaacaa
gtctgtctaaagatgtattgaaatcaggaaagttgaaagaagttcatactaaagaagagattggttgtag
tcatccgaattgcccgcttagagcagctatcgtgataccacttgagatgcatggttctatcgtcggtaca
ttgaagatgtattttacaaaccctaatgatttaacttttgtggaacgtcaacttgcagaaggattggcaa
atatttttagtagccaaattgaacttggtgaagccgaaacgcaaagtaagttattgaaagatgctgaaat
taagtcattgcaggcacaagtgagtccgcattttttcttcaattcaattaacacgatttcagctttagtt
agaataaatagcgaaaaggcacgagagttactattagaattgagttattttttcagagcgaatttacaag
gctcaaagcaacatacgattactttagataaagagttaagtcaagtgcgtgcatacttatcactcgaaca
agcacgttatccaggaagatttaatatcaatattaatgttgaagacaagtatcgcgatgtgcttgtacca
ccatttttaattcaaattttagttgaaaatgccatcaaacatgcgtttacgaatcgaaagcaaggtaacg
atattgacgtgtcagtgattaaagaaactgcaacacatgtacgtattattgtacaagataatggtcaggg
tatttctaaagataaaatgcatttgttgggagaaacatctgtagaatcagagtctggaactggtagtgct
ttagaaaatttaaacttacgcctaaaaggattatttggaaaatccgcagcattacaatttgaatcgacat
cgagcggtaccactttttggtgtgtacttccttatgaaagacaagaggaggaataa
>Potential gene 41:42578..43270, 693 bp
atgaggaggttatctataatgataaataaaaatgacatagtagcagatgtagtaactgattatccgaaag
cagcagatatttttagaagtgtgggaatagatttttgttgtggcggacaagtaagtatagaagcagcagt
cttagaaaagaaaaatgtagatttgaacgaattattacaacgtctcaatgaagttgaacaaacgaataca
ccaggttcgttaaatcctaaatttttaaatgtttcatcacttattcaatatattcaagcagcatatcatg
aacctctaagagaagaatttaaaaatttaacaccttatgtgacaaagttatcgaaagtacatggacctaa
tcatccatatttagttgagttaaaagcaacatacgatacatttaaaaatggcatgttagagcatatgcaa
aaagaagatgatgttgattttccaaaactcattaaatatgaacaaggtgaagtagtagacgatattaata
cagtgattgatgatttagtatctgatcacattgcaacgggacaattgttagtgaaaatgagcgatttaac
atcaagctatgaaccaccgatagaggcatgtggtacttggcgactcgtttatcagagattaaaagcactt
gaagtgttaacacatgagcatgttcatttagagaatcatgttttatttaaaaaagtatcataa
>Potential gene 42:43396..45117, 1722 bp
atgatgaaattttcagtaatagttccaacatacaattcagaaaagtatataacagaattacttaatagcc
ttgcgaaacaagattttccgaaaactgaatttgaagtggttgtagttgatgactgttcaacagatcaaac
gttacaaatagttgaaaagtatcgcaataaattgaacttgaaagtaagtcaactcgaaacaaattctggt
ggtccaggtaaacctagaaatgtggcgttaaaacaagcagaaggtgaatttgtattatttgtggactccg
atgactatataaacaaagagactttaaaggatgcagcagcatttattgatgaacatcactcagatgtctt
attgattaaaatgaaaggtgttaatggtcgtggtgtaccacaatctatgtttaaagaaacagcacctgaa
gttacattgttaaattcaagaattatctatactttaagcccgactaaaatctatagaacagcattactaa
aagataatgacatttattttccagaagaattaaagagtgcagaagatcaattatttacaatgaaagcata
tttgaatgcaaatcgaatcagtgtgttaagtgataaagcgtattattatgctacaaagcgtgaaggggaa
catatgagtagtgcgtatgtttcacctgaagacttttacgaagtcatgagattgattgctgtagaaatat
taaatgcagatttagaagaagctcataaagatcaaatcttagcagaatttttaaatcgtcattttagttt
ttctcgtacgaatggcttctcacttaaagttaaactagaagatcaaccgcaatggattaatgctctagga
gactttatacaagcagttccagaacgtgtagatgcattggtgatgagtaaattacgaccattgttgcact
acgcgagagcgaaagatatagacaactatagaactgtagaagaaagttaccgtcaaggtcaatactaccg
ttttgatattgtagatggtaaattaaacattcaattcaatgaaggcgaaccatactttgaaggcattgat
atcgctaagccaaaagtgaaaatgacagcatttaaatttgataatcataaaattgttacagagctaacgt
taaatgaatttatgattggcgaaggacattatgatgtcagacttaaattacattcacgaaacaagaagca
cacaatgtatgtacctttaactgtcaatgcgaataaacaatatcgttttaacattatgttagaagatatt
aaagcggatttacctaaagaaaaaatttgggatgttttcttagaagtccaaataggtacggaagtatttg
aagtgcgtgttggtaatcaacgtaataaatatgcatatactgcagaaacaagtgcattaattcatttgaa
taatgatttttatagattaacaccgtatttcacaaaagactttaataacatttcgttatactttacagct
attacattaacggattcaatctcaatgaagttaaaaggtaaaaacaaaatcattttaaccggtctggatc
gtggttatgtatttgaagaaggtatggctagtgtcgtgctaaaagacgacatggtgatgggaatgttaag
ccaaacgtcagaaaacgaagtggaaatcttacttagtaaagatattaagaagcgagacttcaaaaatatt
gttaagttaaacactgcacatatgacttactcgctaaaataa
>Potential gene 43:45150..46706, 1557 bp
atgaaggcgaatgatgtcaaaatagatgggaatcaattcgtttgtcgtttcaatgtagctatcttagata
atggttattacttacctgaagataagtacttattagtgaatgagcaagaacttgattatattgcacagtt
aaacccagatgtgattaatgatgtatatcaaaatctaaagccagaacaagaagaagaatacaacgaatta
gaaacacaaaatggtaaaatcaatttcttattgcagacttacctaaaagaatttagaaaaggcggcattt
cgaagaaaacggtttatactgttacacctgaaatttctagcgatgttaatgaatttgtccttgatgttgt
tgtaacgactccggaagttaaaagtatttatatcgttcgtaaatataaagaattacgtaagtatttccgc
aaacaatcatttaatacaagacaatttatttttaaagcgatatttaatacgacgaaatttttccacttga
aaaaagggaatacggtgttgttcacatcagactctagaccaacgatgtctggaaactttgaatacatcta
taacgaaatgttacgtcaaaatttagataaaaagtatgatattcacactgtttttaaagcgaatattaca
gatagacgtggcatcatcgacaagtttagattgccatatttacttgggaaggcagactacatctttgttg
atgactttcacccattgatttatacagtgcgttttagacgttctcaagaagttattcaagtatggcatgc
cgttggtgcctttaaaacagttggctttagtcgtactggtaaaaagggtggaccatttattgattcatta
aatcatcgtagctatacaaaagcttatgtatcatctgaaaccgatattccattctacgctgaagcatttg
gtattaaagagaaaaatgtagtgcctacaggtgttccacgtactgatgtactatttgatgaagcttatgc
gacacagatcaaacaagagatggaagatgaattaccaattattaaaggtaagaaagtcattcttttcgca
ccaacatttagaggtagtggtcatggtacagcacattacccatttttcaaaattgatttcgaacgtttag
caagatattgcgaaaaaaataacgcggttgtattatttaaaatgcatccatttgtgaaaaatagacttaa
tattgcagacaaacataaacaatattttgttgacgtttctgactttagagaagttaatgatatactgttc
ataacagatttattaattagtgactattcatctttaatatatgaatatgcagtatttaaaaagccaatga
ttttctatgcatttgatttagaagattatattacgacgcgtgatttttatgaaccatatgaatcatttgt
tccaggtaaaattgtgcaatcatttgacgcattaatggacgccttggacaatgaagattatgaaggagaa
aaagtcattccattcttagataaacattttaaatatcaagatggccgatcaagtgagcgtttagtcagaa
atttatttggtagctaa
>Potential gene 44:46860..47912, 1053 bp
atgctattattcgaggtggtattgccgatgattaatcaagtatatcaattagttgcacctagacaatttg
aagttacgtataacaacgtagatatttacagtgactatgtcattgtacgtcctttatatatgtcaatttg
tgctgccgatcaaagatattatactggtagccgtgatgagaatgtcttatctcagaaattgccaatgtct
ttaattcatgaaggtgttggtgaggtcgtatttgacagtaaaggtgtgtttaataaaggtacaaaagtag
ttatggtaccgaatacgccgacagaaaaagacgatgtcattgctgaaaactatttaaaatcgagctactt
cagatcaagtggacatgatgggtttatgcaagattttgtgttgctaaatcatgatagagctgtaccacta
cctgatgatattgatttaagtattatttcatatacagagcttgtaacagtaagtttgcatgctattcgtc
gttttgaaaagaaatctatttcaaataaaaatacatttggtatttggggtgatggtaacttaggttacat
tacagccattttattacgtaaattatatccagagtctaaaatatatgtctttggtaaaacagattataaa
ttgagtcacttctcatttgttgatgatgtcttctttattaataaaatacctgaaggcttaacatttgatc
atgcatttgagtgtgtgggtggtcgcggtagtcaatcagccataaatcaaatgatcgattacatttcacc
agaaggaagcattgcactgttaggtgtaagtgagttcccagtagaagttaatacacgtctagtattggaa
aaaggactaacgttgattggtagtagtcgaagtggttcaaaagatttccaagatgttgtagacttataca
ttcaatacccagatattgtagataaattagcgttgttaaaaggccaagaatttgaaattgcaacaattaa
tgatcttacagaagcttttgaagcagacctgtctacatcttggggtaaaacagtattaaaatggattatg
taa
>Potential gene 45:47878..48594, 717 bp
atgaaatacgctggtattctagctggaggtataggctcaagaatgggtaacgtacctttacctaaacaat
ttttagatttagacaacaaaccgattttaatccatacattagaaaaatttattttaattaatgattttga
aaaaattattatcgcgacgccacaacaatggatgacgcatacgaaagatacacttagaaaattcaaaatt
tctgatgaaagaattgaagtcattcaaggtggtagcgatcgtaacgatacaattatgaatatcgttaaac
atattgaatcaacaaatggtattaacgatgacgatgttattgtgacacatgatgcagttagaccattttt
aacgcatcgtattattaaagaaaatattcaagctgctttagagtacggtgcagtagacacagtgattgat
gctatagatacgattgttacatctaaagataatcaaacgattgatgcaattccagtgcgtaatgaaatgt
accaaggtcaaacacctcaatcgtttaatataaatttattaaaagaaagctatgcacagttgagtgatga
gcaaaagagtattttatctgatgcttgtaagattattgtagaaacaaacaaaccggttcgacttgtaaaa
ggtgagttatataacattaaagtaacaacaccttacgatttaaaagtagcgaatgctattattcgaggtg
gtattgccgatgattaa
>Potential gene 46:48867..50141, 1275 bp
atggttaaatgtattttatgatgaaatgctataataagcatggttacaatgagcttgctcatacatatta
atataattacaaaaacacgtcggaggtacgacatgattaaaactacaattaaaaaattgatagaacatag
tatatatacgacatttaaattactatcaaaattgccaaacaagaatctaatttattttgaaagctttcat
ggtaaacaatacagcgacaaccccaaagcattatatgaatacttaactgaacatagtgatgcccaattaa
tatggggtgtgaaaaaaggatatgaacacatattccaacagcacaatgtaccatatgttaaaaagttttc
aatgaaatggtttttagcgatgccaagagcgaaagcgtggatgattaacacacgtacaccagattggtta
tataaatcaccgcgaacgacgtacttacaaacatggcatggcacgccattgaaaaagattggtttggata
ttagtaacgttaaaatgctaggaacaaatactcaaaattaccaagatggctttacaaaagaaagccagcg
ttgggattatctagtgtcacctaatccatattcgacatcgatatttcaacatgcatttcatgttagtcga
gataagattttggaaacaggttatccaagaaatgataaattatcacataaacgcaatgatactgaatata
ttaatggtattaagacaagattaaatattccattagataaaaaagtgattatgtacgcgccaacttggcg
tgacgatgaagcgattcgagaaggttcatatcaatttaatgttaactttgatatagaagctttgcgtcaa
gcgctggatgatgattatgttattttattacgcatgcattatttagttgtgacacgtattgatgaacatg
atgattttgtgaaagacgtttcagattatgaagacatttcggatttatacttaatcagcgatgcgttagt
taccgactactcatctgtcatgttcgacttcggtgtattaaagcgtccgcaaattttctatgcgtatgac
ttagataaatatggcgatgagcttagaggtttttacatggattataaaaaagagttgccaggtccaattg
ttgaaaatcaaacagcactcattgatgcattaaaacaaatcgatgagactgcaaatgagtatattgaagc
acgaacggtattttatcaaaaattctgttcattagaagatggaaaggcgtcacaacgaatttgccaaacg
atttttaagtgataa
>Potential gene 47:50226..50366, 141 bp
atgtgtttacacgtttatgaattagataacgattggattgattattttattttacaaaatgacaattcag
ttggaagggtgattacttttgattgaatcgccttatgcatgaaaaatcaaaaggttattctcattgtata
g
>Potential gene 48:50267..50401, 135 bp
atgaagtgagcaacatgtcatgatgagaagcaggactatacaatgagaataaccttttgatttttcatgc
ataaggcgattcaatcaaaagtaatcacccttccaactgaattgtcattttgtaaaataaaataa
