
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:85..363, 279 bp
atgtttgaactaaaagtgggtataataaaaagagaagctaatgtcattataagcaattcaactggaggga
aagaaatgcaagtaaacaaagttatttatattttattagcattgttcttaggtagttttggtattcataa
attttatgccggcaagaatatgcaaggtattctacacttaatattctgttggacaggtatcccacacatt
ttagcaattattagtgcagtgattactgttttcaaacctgctgatgaacaaggtaatgtcactttataa
>Potential gene 2:587..1075, 489 bp
atggcgattaaaaagttagtaccagcatcgcatcctattttaacgaaaaaagcgcaagcagttaaaacat
ttgatgattcgttaaaaagattattacaagatttagaagatacaatgtatgcacaagaagctgctggctt
atgtgcacctcaaattaatcagtcattgcaagtggcaattattgatatggaaatggaaggattattacaa
cttgttaatccgaaaattattagtcaatcaaatgaaacaataacagacttagaaggttcaattacattgc
cagatgtttacggcgaagtgacaagaagtaaaatgatagttgtcgaaagttatgacgtcaatgggaacaa
agttgaactaactgcacatgaagatgtagcaagaatgattttgcatattatagatcaaatgaacggtatc
ccttttacagaacgtgcggaccgtattttaacagataaagaagtggaggcatattttataaatgactaa
>Potential gene 3:1068..2006, 939 bp
atgactaaaataatatttatgggtacaccagacttttcaacaactgttttagaaatgcttattgcagaac
atgatgtcattgcagtcgtaacgcaaccagatcgacctgttggacgtaaacgtgttatgacaccaccacc
agttaaaaaagttgcaatgaaatatgatttacctgtatatcaacctgaaaaattaagtggatcagaagaa
ttagaacaattgcttcaattagatgtagatttaattgtaactgctgcttttggacaattattacctgaat
cattgttggcattaccaaatcttggggcaattaatgtacatgcatcattgttaccgaagtatagaggtgg
tgcaccaattcatcaggcaattatcgatggtgaacaagaaaccggcataacaattatgtatatggttaaa
aaattagatgcgggtaatattatttcgcaacaagcaattaaaatagaagaaaatgataatgtcggtacga
tgcatgataaattaagtgtattaggggcagatttattaaaagaaactttaccatctattatagagggcac
aaatgaaagcgtacctcaagatgatacgcaagcaacatttgcttccaatattcgacgcgaagatgagcga
attagctggaataaaccaggaagacaagtgtttaatcaaattcgtggattatcaccatggccagttgctt
atacaactatggatgacactaacttgaaaatatacgatgctgaactcgttgagactaataagataaacga
gcctggaaccattatagaaacgactaaaaaagccattattgttgctacaaatgataatgaagctgttgca
attaaagatatgcaattagctgggaaaaagagaatgttagctgccaattatttaagtggtgcgcaaaaca
cactagtagggaagaaacttatatgatag
>Potential gene 4:2000..3307, 1308 bp
atgatagaaaacgtgagaagtcttgcttttgacacgattcaagatatattaaatgaaggtgcgtatagta
acttgcgtatcaatgaagtgttgtcagaaaatgaattaaatgcaatggataaggctttatttacagaaat
tgtctacggaaccgttaaaagaaaatatacgttagatttttatttaaagccttttgtgaaaacaaagatt
aaggcatgggttaggcaattattatggatgagtatttatcaatatgtttatttagataaagttccaaatc
atgccattattaatgaagcagttgaaatagcaaaagaacgcggtggctatcataatggtaatgtcgtaaa
tggtattttacgtacaatgatgcgtagtgacttacctgattttaatgaaattgcagatcctaaaaaaaga
atggcaatcgagtatagtatgccgaagtggattatagatcattgggcaacacattatggtctcgaagaaa
ctgaaacaattttacagtcatttttagaaacgacatcaacaactgtgcgtgccaacctgacgcgagcatc
attagatgatattattgaaaagttgcaagacgaaggttatgacgttgaaaaagatcatgacttaccttat
tgtctccatataggaggacaaccaattattcattctcgttcatttaaagatggattcgtttcaattcaag
ataaaagctcaatgtttgttgcacacattatgaatgtagaccgacatgatcacgtattagatgcatgtag
tgcacctggcggtaaagcttgtcacattgctgaagttttaatgccagaagggcaagttgacgcttcagat
atacatgatcacaaaatagacttaattaattttaatataaaaaaattacgattaacaaatattaaagctt
ttcaacatgatgcgacaaaaccttatgataaaacatacgataagatacttgttgatgcaccatgtagcgg
attaggtgtaatgagacataagccggagattaagtatactcaaagcaaacaacatattgagtcactagtt
gaattacagcttgaaatattggaaaatgtaaaaaacaatgtaaaaataggtggcgaaatcatctattcaa
catgtacaattgagcaactagaaaatgaaaacgtgatttatacgtttttgaaaaataataaaaacttcga
atttgaaccgtttcaacatccgataactggagagttggtcaaaacgttacaaatcatgccgcaagacttt
aattcagatggattctttatcactaagataaaaagaaaggacaattag
>Potential gene 5:3310..4404, 1095 bp
atgataactgctgaaaagaaaaagaagaataaatttcttccaaattttgacaagcaatcaatatattcat
tgcgatttgacgaaatgcaaaactggctcgttgaacaagggcaacaaaaatttcgagcgaaacagatttt
tgaatggttatatcaaaaaagagtagattcgattgatgaaatgacgaacttatcgaaagacttacgacag
cttttaaaagataactttactgttacaactttaacaactgtagtaaaacaagaaagtaaagacggtacaa
ttaaattcttatttgaattacaagatggctatacaattgaaactgttttaatgagacatgattatggaaa
ttcagtatgtgtaacgacacaagtaggttgtcgcatcggatgtacgttttgtgcttctacacttggcggc
ttaaaaagaaaccttgaagctggcgaaattgtttcacaagttttaacagttcaaaaagcccttgatgcta
cagaagagcgcgtatctcaaattgtcataatgggtatcggtgaaccatttgaaaattatgatgaaatgat
ggactttttaagaatcgtcaatgatgataacagtttaaatattggtgcacgtcacattacagtatcaaca
tcaggtatcattcctagaatatatgactttgcggatgaagatattcaaattaattttgctgtaagcttac
acgccgcaaaagatgaagtgcgatcacgcttgatgccaattaaccgtgcatataatgttgagaagttaat
cgaagcaattcaatattatcaagaaaaaacaaatcgtcgtgttacttttgaatatggtctgtttggtggt
gtgaatgaccaactagaacatgcaagagaattagcacatttaataaaaggcttaaactgccatgttaact
taattcctgtcaaccatgttccagaaagaaattatgtgaaaacggctaaaaatgatatctttaaatttga
aaaagaattaaagagactaggaattaatgccacaatacgtcgtgaacaaggttcggatattgacgcagct
tgtggtcaattaagagcaaaggaacgacaagtagaaacgaggtaa
>Potential gene 6:4411..5157, 747 bp
atgctagaggcacaattttttactgatactggacaacatagagataagaatgaagatgcgggtggtattt
tttataatcaaactaatcaacaacttttagttctgtgtgatggtatgggtggccataaagcaggagaagt
tgcaagtaaatttgttacagatgagttgaaatcccgttttgaagcggaaaatcttatagaacaacatcaa
gctgaaaattggttgcgtaataatataaaagatataaattttcagttatatcactatgcacaagaaaatg
cagaatataaaggtatgggtacaacatgtgtttgtgcacttgtttttgaaaaatcagttgtgatagcaaa
tgtcggtgattctagagcctatgttattaatagtcgacaaattgaacaaattactagtgatcactcattt
gttaatcatcttgttttaacgggtcaaattacgccggaagaagcatttacacatccacaacgtaatatta
ttacgaaggtgatgggcacagataaacgtgtgagtccagatttgtttattaagcgattaaatttttatga
ttatttattattaaattcagatggattaactgattatgttaaagacaatgaaattaagcgtttgttagta
aaagaaggtacaatagaagatcatggtgatcaattaatgcaattggcattagataaccattcgaaagata
acgttactttcatactcgcggctattgaaggtgataaagtatgatag
>Potential gene 7:5151..7145, 1995 bp
atgataggtaaaataataaatgaacgatataaaattgtagataagcttggcggcggtggcatgagtaccg
tttatcttgctgaagatacgatacttaacattaaagttgcaattaaggcgatttttataccacctagaga
aaaagaagaaacattaaaacgttttgaacgagaagtacataactcatcacagctatcacatcaaaatata
gtaagtatgatcgatgttgatgaagaagatgactgttactacttagtaatggaatatatcgaaggtccga
ctttgtctgagtatattgaaagtcatgggccattaagtgttgacacagcgattaattttacgaatcaaat
attggatggcattaaacatgcgcatgatatgcgtattgtacatagagatattaagccacaaaatatatta
attgacagcaataaaacgttgaaaatatttgattttggaattgctaaagctttaagtgagacgtctttaa
ctcagactaatcatgtgttaggtactgtgcagtacttttcgccagaacaagcaaaaggtgaggcaacgga
tgaatgtacagatatttattctataggtattgtgttatatgaaatgcttgttggtgaaccaccctttaat
ggagaaactgcagttagcattgcgattaaacatattcaggattctgtgccaaatgtgacaacagatgtac
gtaaggatattccgcaatctttaagtaatgtcattttacgcgctacagaaaaagacaaagcgaatcgtta
caaaacaattcaagaaatgaaagatgatttgagtagtgttttacatgaaaatcgagcgaatgaagatgtc
tatgaactcgataaaatgaaaacgatagcggtacctttgaaaaaagaagatctagcaaagcatattagtg
aacataagtcgaatcaacctaaacgtgaaacgacgcaagtacctattgtaaatgggcctgctcatcatca
gcaattccaaaagccagaaggtacggtgtacgaaccaaaacctaaaaagaaatcaacacgaaagattgtg
ctcttatcactaatcttttcgttgttaatgattgcacttgtttcttttgtggcaatggcaatgtttggta
ataaatacgaagagacacctgatgtaatcgggaaatctgtaaaagaagcagagcaaatattcaataaaaa
caacctgaaattgggtaaaatttctagaagttatagtgataaatatcctgaaaatgaaattattaagaca
actcctaatactggtgaacgtgttgaacgtggtgacagtgttgatgttgttatatcaaagggccctgaaa
aggttaaaatgccaaatgtcattggtttacctaaggaggaagccttgcagaaattaaaatcgttaggtct
taaagatgttacgattgaaaaagtatataataatcaagcgccaaaaggatacattgcaaatcaaagtgta
accgcaaatactgaaatcgctattcatgattctaatattaaactatatgaatctttaggcattaagcaag
tttatgtagaagactttgaacataaatcctttagcaaagctaaaaaagccttagaagaaaaagggtttaa
agttgaaagtaaggaagagtatagtgacgatattgatgagggtgatgtgatttctcaatctcctaaagga
aaatcagtagatgaggggtcaacgatttcatttgttgtttctaaaggtaaaaaaagtgactcatcagatg
tcaaaacgacaactgaatcggtagatgtaccatacactggtaaaaatgataagtcacaaaaagttaaagt
ttatattaaagataaagataatgacggttcaactgaaaaaggtagtttcgatattactagtgatcaacgt
atagacattcctttaagaattgaaaaaggaaaaacagcaagttatattgttaaagttgacggtaaaactg
tagctgaaaaagaagtcagctatgatgatgtataa
>Potential gene 8:7132..7404, 273 bp
atgatgatgtataaatataattgaagtaaatgtaccgaggtttctatttggaagtctcggtatttttatg
ttgagattgcggtagttttaaaatgcttcatgtcatcatatacaggtgagcattgtctatcaattctgta
tcactctcacaatatttatatcatttgaaatgatcatttatatattaattttccagtctttgatataata
aatgcagtaaaattaatcgagaggtgccattttgaagacaggtcgaatagtgaaatcaattag
>Potential gene 9:7354..7524, 171 bp
atgttttgaacttcaaattccactatatcaccaactaccggtgaaaattttttctttctaaataatcctc
gtggttttgtattgaaacgttcgccattaacgtctacttgatataccccactaattgatttcactattcg
acctgtcttcaaaatggcacctctcgattaa
>Potential gene 10:7613..8248, 636 bp
atgagtgctgtcgagccaaatttttcaacgcaattattagatcgatttttagttattgcacattcgtatc
agttaaatgcgagaattttggtgactaaaaaagataaaacaccaattgaaaagcagttcgaaataaatga
gttgttgaaaatatatgaaaatattggctatgagactgaatttattggaaatgatgatgatcgaaaaaaa
attgtagaagcttggccagctggacttatagtacttagtggtcaatcaggtgtcggtaagtccactttct
taaatcattatcgtccagaacttaatcttgagacaaatgatatatcaaaatcattaaatcgaggaaagca
tactacaagacatgtcgaactattcgaacgtcaaaacggttatattgcagacacacctggattcagtgct
ttagattttgatcatatagataaagatgaaataaaagattattttcttgaattaaatcgatatggtgaaa
catgtaagtttaggaattgtaatcatatcaaagaacctaattgtaatgttaagcatcaattagagatagg
gaatattgcgcaatttagatacgaccattatttacaactatttaatgaaatttcaaatagaaaggttaga
tattaa
>Potential gene 11:8249..9541, 1293 bp
atgacaaaactatatccatcattattatctgttgattttttggatttacaacatgaattaaaacgacttg
aagaagcaggcgtcgacggagttcattttgatgttatggatggtcaatttgtgcctaatatatctattgg
tttaccaatattagatgcagtaagaaaaggcacaacattacctatagacgtacatttgatgattgaaaat
ccagaaaagtatattgcatcatttgcagaacatggtgccgatatgatttcaattcatgtcgaatcaacgc
ctcatattcatcgtgctattcaaatgattaaacatttagataaaaaagctggtgtagtaattaatcctgg
tacaccaatatcacaaattgaacctattttagacattgttgattatgtactagtgatgacagttaaccca
gggtttggtggtcaatcatttattgatcaatgcgtagaaaaaatagcgggtcttaatgctattaaaatgg
aacgtcaattaaactttgatattgaagttgatggaggcgtaaataccgatacagcgaaagtttgtgttga
aaatggtgctacaatgctagtaacaggttcatttttctttaaacaagaggattataaaaaagtcacacaa
gcattgaaaggttgagtgtatatgcatataaatttattatgttctgatcgacacttgccgcaagatattt
gggccaaaagtaatgaaggtaaatggggcggcgttgatagaggtgctttgattttattgaagcatcaaat
tatcccttttttctcagtgggagactttgattcagtcagtaaagaagaacgccaacttctaacagaacag
ttacaaatcaaaccagttcaagctgaaaaagctgatacggatttagctttagcggttgataaagctgttg
cacttggatttgatagtattacaatttatggtgcaacaggcggacgattagatcacttttttggggcaat
tcagttattattgaaaaaagcatattataaacatgatgttcatatagaagttatcgatcaacaaaataaa
attgaattattgcctaaaggtcaacatacagttgaaaaagataagagttatccgtacatttcatttatac
cgatgactgatgatgtagaactttctctagcaggttttaaatataatttagctagacaaatgcttaatat
aggttctactttaactatttcaaatgaaattgagtctttgcaagcgaaagtaactgtacatgatgggttg
attttgcaaattagaagtacagatttaaattaa
>Potential gene 12:10553..10927, 375 bp
atgacattagagatttcaaatgattacggtaaaattgatatttcaaacgaagtgattgcttcggttgtag
gtggaaaggccgttgaatgttatggtattgtaggtatggcatctagacaacaagttagagatggtattgc
ggaaatactaggacatgaaaattatgctaaaggcatcaaagtaactgaaaataatggcgtagtggatata
gatatgtacattattgtaagttacggtgtgaaaatatctgaagttgccaataatgtacaatcaacagtga
aatatactttggaaaaatcacttaatgtatcagtaaattcaatcaatatatatgtacaaggtgtacgtgt
gaataatacaggcaagaaagcttag
>Potential gene 13:10942..12588, 1647 bp
atgattagcaaaattaatggtaaattatttgccgatatgattatacaaggggcacaaaatttatctaaca
atgcagatttggtagattctttgaatgtgtatccagtgccagatggtgatacaggaacaaatatgaatct
tactatgacttcaggtcgcgaagaagtagagaataatttgtcgaaaaatatcggcgaattaggtaaaaca
ttctcgaaaggtttactaatgggtgcaagaggtaactctggtgtcatcttgtcacaattattcagaggat
tttgtaaaaatattgaaagtgaatctgaaattaattcaaaattgttagctgaaagttttcaagctggtgt
tgaaacggcatataaagctgttatgaaaccagttgaaggtacaatacttacagttgcaaaagatgctgcg
caagctgcaatagaaaaagcaaataatactgaagattgtatagaattaatggagtacattattgtaaaag
ccaatgaatcacttgaaaacacaccaaacttattagctgtacttaaagaagttggtgttgttgatagtgg
cggtaaaggtttgttatgcgtttacgaaggattcttaaaagcgcttaaaggtgaaaaagttgaagccaaa
gttgcaaagatagataaagatgaatttgtacatgatgaacatgatttccatggtgtaattaatactgaag
atattatttatggctattgtactgaaatgatggttcgttttggaaagaataaaaaagcctttgatgaaca
agaattcaggcaagatatgagtcaatttggtgattctttattagtcattaatgatgaagaaattgtgaaa
gttcacgtgcataccgaatacccaggtaaagtgtttaattatggtcaacaatatggtgaattaattaaac
ttaaggttgaaaatatgagagaacagcaccgtgaagtgattcgaaaagaacagcacacagctaaaccgaa
aatggaaacggttgaaacagcaattattactatttctatgggtgaaggtatttcagagatatttaaatca
atgggtgccacacatatcattagtggtggacaaacgatgaatccttctacagaagatatcgttaaagtca
ttgaacaatcaaaatgtaaacgtgcaattattttaccgaataataaaaatatcttaatggcaagtgaaca
agcagcgagtattgttgatgcagaagctgttgttattccaacgaaatctattcctcaaggtataagcgca
ctattccaatatgatgtggacgcaacacttgaagaaaataaagcgcaaatggctgattcagtaaataacg
ttaaatctggttcattaacgtacgctgttcgtgatacgaaaattgatggcgttgagattaaaaaagacgc
gtttatgggcttgattgaagataagattgtaagcagccaaagtgatcaattaacaacggttactgagttg
ttaaatgagatgttagcagaagatagtgaaatattgactgtgattattggtcaagatgcagagcaagcag
ttacagataacatgataaactggatcgaagagcaatatccagatgtagaagtggaagttcatgaaggtgg
acaaccaatttatcaatatttcttttcagtagaataa
>Potential gene 14:13045..14838, 1794 bp
atggtaaataatattgctgtcaaatgtatttttttcaatcaaccgtatttaaaaaagaaaatcgaattaa
atcaaactataactgttaaaggtaagtggaatagggttaaacaggaaattactggtaatagggttttctt
taattcacaagggacacaaactcaagaaaacgcagatgttcaattagaaccagtctatcgtattaaggaa
ggtattaaacaaaagcaaatacgagaccaaattagacaagcgttaaatgatgtgacaattcatgaatggt
taactgatgaactaagagaaaaatataaattagagaccttggactttactttgaacacattacatcatcc
taaaagtaaagaggatttattacgtgctcgtagaacctatgcatttactgaactgtttttattcgaatta
cgtatgcaatggctaaatagattagaaaagtcatctgacgaagcaattgaaattgattatgacatagacc
aagttaaatcatttattgatcgtttaccttttgaactaactgaagcacagaaatccagtgttaatgaaat
ttttagagatttaaaagcaccaatacgtatgcatcgattacttcaaggtgatgtaggttcaggaaaaaca
gtagttgctgcaatttgtatgtatgcgttaaaaactgctggttatcaatcagcattgatggtaccaactg
aaattttagcagagcaacatgctgaaagtttaatggctttatttggagattctatgaacgttgcattgtt
aactgggtcagtaaaaggtaagaaacgaaagatacttttagaacaacttgaaaatggtacgattgattgt
ttaattggaacccatgctttgattcaagatgatgtgattttccataatgttggtttagtaattacagatg
aacaacatcgatttggtgtgaatcaacgccagcttttaagagaaaaaggtgcaatgacgaatgtgttatt
tatgacagcaacgccgataccaagaacactagcaatatcagtttttggtgagatggatgtgtcttcaatt
aaacaattaccaaaaggtcgtaaacctatcattactacttgggcaaagcatgagcaatacgataaagttt
tgatgcaaatgacctcagagttgaaaaaaggtcgtcaagcatatgtcatttgcccgctaatagaaagttc
tgagcatctcgaagatgttcaaaatgttgtcgcattgtacgagtctttacaacagtattatggtgtttcc
cgtgtagggttattgcatggtaagttatctgccgatgaaaaagatgaggtcatgcaaaagtttagtaatc
atgagataaatgttttagtttctactactgttgttgaagtaggtgttaatgtaccgaatgcaacttttat
gatgatttatgatgcggatcgctttggattatcaactttacatcagttacgcggtcgtgtaggtagaagt
gaccagcaaagttactgtgttttaattgcatcccctaaaacagaaacaggaattgaaagaatgacaatta
tgacacaaacaacggatggatttgaattgagtgaacgagacttagaaatgcgtggtcctggagatttctt
tggtgttaaacaaagtggattgccagatttcttagttgccaatttagttgaagattatcgtatgttagaa
gttgctcgtgatgaagcagctgaacttattcaatctggcgtattctttgaaaatacgtatcaacatttac
gtcattttgttgaagaaaatttattacatcgtagttttgactaa
>Potential gene 15:15041..15613, 573 bp
atgaggggtgagacgttgaaactaaagaaagataaacgtagagaagcaatcagacaacaaattgatagca
atcccttcatcacagaccatgaactaagcgacttatttcaagtgagtatacaaacaattcgtttagatcg
cacttatttaaacataccagaattaaggaagcgtattaaattagttgctgaaaagaattatgaccaaata
agttctattgaagaacaagaatttattggtgatttgattcaagtcaatccaaatgttaaagcgcaatcaa
ttttagatattacatcggattctgtttttcataaaactggaattgcgcgtggtcatgtgctgtttgctca
ggcaaattcgttatgtgttgcgctaattaagcaaccaacagttttaactcatgagagtagcattcaattt
attgaaaaagtaaaattaaatgatacggtaagagcagaagcacgagttgtaaatcaaactgcaaaacatt
attacgtcgaagtaaagtcatatgttaaacatacattagttttcaaaggaaattttaaaatgttttatga
taagcgaggataa
>Potential gene 16:15597..16604, 1008 bp
atgataagcgaggataaaattatggttaaattagcaattgatatgatgggtggcgacaatgcgcctgata
tcgtattagaagccgtacaaaaggctgttgaagactttaaagatctagaaattatacttttcggtgacga
aaaaaagtataatctgaaccatgaacgaatcgaatttagacattgttctgaaaagattgaaatggaagat
gagcctgttagagcgattaaacgtaaaaaagatagctcaatggtaaaaatggctgaagctgtgaaatctg
gtgaagcagatggatgtgtgtcagcaggtaatactggtgctttaatgtcagctggtttattcattgttgg
acgtattaaaggtgtagctagaccggctttagtagtaacattgccaacgattgatggaaaaggttttgtc
tttttagacgttggtgcaaatgctgatgctaaacctgaacacttattacagtatgcgcaactaggggata
tttatgctcaaaaaattagaggtattgataatccgaaaatctcattattaaatataggaaccgagccagc
taaaggtaatagtttaacgaaaaaatcatatgagttattaaatcatgatcattcattgaattttgttggg
aatattgaagcgaagacattaatggatggcgatacagatgttgtagttaccgatggctatactgggaaca
tggtccttaaaaatttagaaggtactgcaaaatcaatcggtaaaatgttaaaagatacgattatgagtag
tactaaaaataaattagcaggtgcaatattgaagaaagatttagctgaattcgctaaaaagatggattac
tcagaatacggtggttccgtattattaggattggaaggtactgtagttaaagcacacggtagttcaaatg
ctaaagctttttattctgcaattagacaagcgaaaatcgcaggagaacaaaatattgtacaaacaatgaa
agagactgtaggtgaatcaaatgagtaa
>Potential gene 17:16597..17523, 927 bp
atgagtaaaacagcaattatttttccgggacaaggtgcccaaaaagttggtatggcgcaagatttgttta
acaacaatgatcaagcaactgaaattttaacttcagcagcgaacacattagactttgatattttagagac
aatgtttactgatgaagaaggtaaattgggtgaaactgaaaacacacaaccagctttattgacgcatagt
tcggcattattagcagcgctaaaaaatttgaatcctgattttactatggggcatagtttaggtgaatatt
caagtttagttgcagctgacgtattatcatttgaagatgcagttaaaattgttagaaaacgtggtcaatt
aatggcgcaagcatttcctactggtgtaggaagcatggctgcagtattgggattagattttgataaagtc
gatgaaatttgtaagtcattatcatctgatgacaaaataattgaaccagcaaacattaattgcccaggtc
aaattgttgtttcaggtcacaaagctttaattgatgagctagtagaaaaaggtaaatcattaggtgcaaa
acgtgtcatgcctttagcagtatctggaccattccattcatcgctaatgaaagtgattgaagaagatttt
tcaagttacattaatcaatttgaatggcgtgatgctaagtttcctgtagttcaaaatgtaaatgcgcaag
gtgaaactgacaaagaagtaattaaatctaatatggtcaagcaattatattcaccagtacaattcattaa
ctcaacagaatggctaatagaccaaggtgttgatcattttattgaaattggtcctggaaaagttttatct
ggcttaattaaaaaaataaatagagatgttaagttaacatcaattcaaactttagaagatgtgaaaggat
ggaatgaaaatgactaa
>Potential gene 18:17495..18250, 756 bp
atgtgaaaggatggaatgaaaatgactaagagtgctttagtaacaggtgcatcaagaggaattggacgta
gtattgcgttacaattagcagaagaaggatataatgtagcagtaaactatgcaggcagcaaagagaaagc
tgaagcagtagtcgaagaaatcaaagctaaaggtgttgacagttttgcgattcaagcaaatgttgccgat
gctgatgaagttaaagcaatgattaaagaagtagttagccaatttggttctttagatgttttagtaaata
atgcaggtattactcgcgataatttattaatgcgtatgaaagaacaagagtgggatgatgttattgacac
aaacttaaaaggtgtatttaactgtatccaaaaagcaacaccacaaatgttaagacaacgtagtggtgct
atcatcaatttatcaagtgttgttggagcagtaggtaatccgggacaagcaaactatgttgcaacaaaag
caggtgttattggtttaactaaatctgcggcgcgtgaattagcatctcgtggtatcactgtaaatgcagt
tgcacctggttttattgtttctgatatgacagatgctttaagtgatgagcttaaagaacaaatgttgact
caaattccgttagcacgttttggtcaagacacagatattgctaatacagtagcgttcttagcatcagaca
aagcaaaatatattacaggtcaaacaatccatgtaaatggtggaatgtacatgtaa
>Potential gene 19:18842..19573, 732 bp
atgtctaaacaaaagaaaagtgagatagttaatcgttttagaaagcgctttgatactaaaatgacagagt
taggctttacttatcaaaatattgatttataccaacaagcattttcgcattcgagttttattaatgattt
taatatgaatcgtttagaccataatgagcgtttagagtttttgggtgatgcggtattagaattgacggtt
tcacgatatttatttgataaacatcccaacttgccagaagggaatttaacaaaaatgcgtgccactattg
tatgtgagccctcacttgtaatatttgcgaataaaattggattgaacgaaatgattttacttggtaaagg
tgaagagaaaacagggggacgtacaagaccatcattaatatcagatgcattcgaagcatttattggggca
ttgtatttggatcaaggactagatatagtttggaaatttgctgagaaagtcattttcccacatgtagaac
aaaatgagttattaggcgtggtagattttaaaacacaattccaagaatatgtgcaccagcaaaataaagg
tgatgtaacctataatttaataaaagaagagggaccggcacatcatcgtctattcacttcagaagttatt
ctgcaaggggaagcaatagctgaaggtaaagggaaaacgaaaaaagaatcagaacaacgtgctgctgaaa
gtgcctataagcaattaaaacaaattaaatag
>Potential gene 20:19720..23286, 3567 bp
atggtttatttaaaatcaatagatgccattggatttaagtcttttgcagatcaaaccaatgttcaattcg
ataaaggtgtaactgcaattgttggtccaaatggaagcggtaaaagtaatattacagatgctattaaatg
ggtgttgggtgaacaatcggctaaatcattacgtggctcaaaaatggaagatattatcttctcaggtgca
gaacatcgcaaagctcaaaattatgctgaagtacagttaagattagataatcattctaaaaagctcagtg
ttgatgaaaacgaagttattgtaacaagaagattgtatcgaagtggtgaaagtgagtactacataaataa
tgaccgtgcaagattaaaagatattgccgatttatttttagattctggattgggaaaagaagcgtatagc
attatctcgcaaggtagagttgatgaaatactaaatgctaaaccaattgatagacgtcaaattattgaag
aatcggctggtgtacttaaatataaaaaacgtaaggctgaatcattaaataaacttgaccaaacagaaga
taatttaacgagagtagaagacattttatatgatttggaaggtcgcgtagaacctctaaaagaggaggca
gctatagctaaagaatataagacactttcacatcaaatgaaacatagtgacattgtagttacagtgcacg
atattgatcaatatacaaatgacaatagacaattagatcaacgtttaaatgatttacaaggccaacaagc
aaataaagaagctgacaagcaacgtttaagccaacaaattcaacaatataaaggtaaacgtcatcaactt
gataatgatgttgaatcgcttaattatcaattagtaaaagctacggaagcctttgaaaaatatacgggac
aattaaatgttttggaagaacgtaagaaaaatcaatctgaaacaaatgcacgatatgaagaagaacaaga
aaatttaatggagcttttagaaaatatatcaaatgagatttctgaagctcaagatacttataagtctctg
aaaagtaaacaaaaagaactcaatgctgtcattcgtgaacttgaagaacaactatatgtttcagacgaag
cacatgatgaaaaattggaagaaattaaaaacgaatactatacattaatgtcagagcaatcagatgttaa
caatgatattcgttttttaaagcatactatagaagagaatgaggctaaaaaatcaagactagattctcga
ttagttgaagtttttgagcaattgaaagatattcagggtcaaataaaaacgacaaaaaaagaatatcaac
agaccaacaaagaactttctgctgtagataaagaaattaaaaatatagaaaaagacctcactgatacaaa
aaaagcacaaaatgaatacgaagagaaattgtatcaagcatatcgatataccgaaaaaatgaaaacacgt
attgatagtttggcaacgcaagaggaagaatatacttattttttcaatggcgtcaaacatattttgaaag
ctaaaaataaagaattaaagggtatttatggtgcagttgcggaaattattgatgtgccatctaaattaac
tcaggcaattgaaacagcattaggtgcttcattacaacatgtcattgtagattcagaaaaagatggacgc
caggctattcaatttttaaaagaacgtaatttaggtcgtgcgacgtttttaccattaaatgttatacaga
gtagagtggtagcgactgatattaaatctattgctaaagaggcaaacggatttattagtatcgcttcgga
agcagttaaagtagcaccagaatatcaaaatattatcgggaatttattaggtaatacgattatcgttgat
catttaaagcatgcaaatgaattggcacgtgcgattaaatatcgaactcgtattgttactttggaaggtg
atattgtaaatcctggtggttctatgactggtggtggcgctcgtaagtcaaaaagtattctgtctcaaaa
agacgagttgacaacaatgagacaccaattagaagattacttgcgtcaaacagaatcatttgaacaacaa
tttaaagagttgaagataaaaagtgatcaattaagtgaactgtattttgaaaaaagtcaaaagcataata
cacttaaagagcaagtgcatcattttgaaatggagctcgatagattaactacacaagaaacacaaataaa
aaatgatcatgaagaattcgaatttgaaaaaaatgatggttatacgagtgacaaaagtcgacaaactttg
agtgaaaaagaaacttatctagaaagtattaaagcatctttaaaacgactagaagatgaaattgaacgct
acacaaaactttctaaagaaggtaaggaaagcgttactaaaacacaacaaaccttacatcagaaacaatc
tgatcttgctgtggttaaagagcgtattaaaacacaacaacagacaatagatcgattaaataatcaaaat
caacaaactaaacatcaattaaaagatgttaaagaaaaaattgcattctttaattcggatgaagtgatgg
gcgaacaagcttttcaaaatattaaagatcaaattaatggtcaacaagaaacgagaacacgcttatcaga
tgaattagataaattgaaacaacaacgtattgagttgaatgaacaaatcgatgcgcaagaagctaaacta
caagtttgtcaccaagatattttagctatcgaaaatcactaccaagatattaaagctgaacaatcaaagc
tagatgtattaattcatcatgcgatagatcatttaaatgatgaatatcaattgactgttgaacgtgcgaa
atctgaatatacgagtgatgaatcgattgacgcattacgtaaaaaagttaagttaatgaagatgtcgatt
gatgaactaggtcctgtaaacttaaatgcaattgaacaatttgaagagttaaatgaacgttatacatttt
taagtgaacaacgtacagatcttcgtaaagctaaagaaacattagagcaaattataagtgaaatggatca
agaggttactgaaagatttaaagaaactttccatgctattcaaggacattttacagctgtgttcaaacaa
ttgtttggtggaggcgatgcagaattgcaattaactgaagccgattatttaacagctggtattgatattg
tggtacaaccaccgggtaaaaagttgcaacatttatcgttactgagtggtggtgagcgtgcattaactgc
tattgctttactatttgcaattttaaaagtaagatctgcaccttttgttatattagatgaggttgaagct
gcactagatgaagcaaatgttattagatacgcaaaatatttaaatgagttatcagacgaaacacaattca
ttgttattacacaccgtaaaggaacaatggaatttgcagataggttatacggtgtaacaatgcaagaatc
aggtgttactaaacttgtgagtgtgaatttaaatacaatagatgatgtgttgaaggaggagcaataa
>Potential gene 21:23286..24545, 1260 bp
atgagcttttttaaacgcttaaaagataagtttgcaacaaataaagaaaatgaagaagttaaatccttaa
cagaagaacaaggtcaagacaaattagaagatacacattctgaaggttcaacgcaggacgcaaatgattt
agcagaaaatgctgaagtgaaaaagaagccacgcaagttgagtgaagcggattttgatgacgatggctta
atatcaattgaagattttgaagaaattgaagctcaaaaaatgggtgctaaatttaaagcaggactcgaaa
aatctcgtcaaaatttccaagaacaattaaataatttgatagcgagatatcgtaaagtagatgaagactt
ttttgaagctttagaagaaatgttaatcactgcagacgtcggttttaatacagtgatgacgttaactgaa
gaattacgtatggaagcacaacgacgtaatattcaagatactgaagatttgcgtgaagtcattgttgaaa
aaatcgtagagatttaccatcaagaagatgataattcagaagctatgaacttagaagatggtcgtttaaa
tgtcattttaatggttggtgtgaatggtgttggtaaaacaacaacaattggaaaattagcttaccgatat
aaaatggaaggtaaaaaagtaatgttagctgcgggcgatacttttagagcgggtgctattgatcaattga
aagtttggggcgaacgtgttggtgtagacgtaattagccaaagtgaaggttctgatccagctgctgttat
gtatgatgcgattaatgccgctaaaaacaaaggtgttgatattttaatctgtgataccgctggacgttta
caaaataaaacaaatctaatgcaagaattagaaaaagttaagcgtgtaattaatcgagcagtgccagatg
cgcctcatgaagcattactatgtttagatgctacaactggtcagaatgcgttgtcacaagctagaaactt
taaagaagtaacaaatgttacaggtattgtattaacgaaattagatggtacagccaaaggtggtatcgta
ttagccattcgtaatgaattgcacatcccagttaaatatgtaggtttaggtgagcaattagatgacttac
aaccatttaaccctgaaagttatgtctacggcttattcgctgatatgattgaacaaaatgaagaaataac
aacagttgaaaatgatcaaattgtaacagaagaaaaggacgataatcatgggtcaaaatgatttagttaa

>Potential gene 22:24523..24855, 333 bp
atgggtcaaaatgatttagttaaaacgttacgaatgaattatttgtttgatttttatcaatccttattga
cgaataaacaacgtaattatttggaattattttatcttgaagattattctttaagtgaaatcgcagatac
ttttaatgtgagtagacaagcagtttatgataatataagaagaactggcgatttagttgaagattatgaa
aagaaattggaattataccagaaatttgagcaacgccgagaaatatatgatgaaatgaaacaacatttaa
gtaatccagaacaaatacaacgttatattcaacaattagaagacttagaatag
>Potential gene 23:24881..26248, 1368 bp
atggcatttgaagggttatcagaacgcttgcaagcgacgatgcaaaaaatgcgtggtaagggtaaactta
ctgaagctgatataaagataatgatgcgtgaagtaagattagcgttacttgaggctgacgtaaactttaa
agtggtaaaagaatttattaaaacagtatcagaacgcgcattaggttccgatgtaatgcaatcattaaca
ccagggcaacaagttattaaaatagttcaagatgaattaacgcagttgatgggtggagaaaatacgtcga
ttaatatgtcaaataaaccacctactgttgttatgatggttggtttacaaggtgctggtaaaacaacaac
tgcaggtaaattagcattattgatgcgtaaaaaatacaacaaaaaacctatgttagttgcagcagatatt
tatcgtccagcagcgataaatcaattacaaacagtagggaaacaaattgatattcctgtatacagtgaag
gagatcaagtaaagccacaacaaattgtaactaatgcattaaaacatgctaaagaagaacatttagactt
tgtaatcattgatacagcaggtcgattacacatcgatgaagcattgatgaacgaattaaaagaagtaaaa
gacattgctaaaccaaacgaaattatgttagttgtcgattcaatgacgggtcaagatgctgtcaatgttg
cagaatcttttgacgatcaacttgatgtcacaggtgttaccttaactaaattagatggtgatacacgtgg
tggtgcagctttatctattcgttcggtgacacaaaaaccaattaaatttgttggtatgagtgaaaagtta
gatggtttagagctattccatcctgaacgtatggcatcacgtattttaggtatgggtgatgtgttaagtt
taattgaaaaagcgcaacaagatgtggatcaagaaaaagcaaaagatttagagaaaaagatgcgtgagtc
atcgtttactttagatgattttttagaacaacttgatcaggtgaaaaatctaggaccactggatgatatt
atgaaaatgattccaggtatgaataaaatgaaagggctagataagcttaatatgagtgaaaagcaaattg
atcatattaaagcgattatccagtcaatgacgccggctgaaagaaacaatccagacacattgaatgtatc
acgtaaaaagcgtattgctaaagggtctggtcgttcattacaagaagtcaatcgtttgatgaaacaattt
aacgatatgaagaaaatgatgaaacagttcactggtggcggtaaaggtaaaaaaggtaaacgcaatcaaa
tgcaaaatatgttaaaaggtatgaatttaccgttttaa
>Potential gene 24:26683..26958, 276 bp
atggcagttaaaattcgtttaacacgtttaggttcaaaaagaaatccattctatcgtatcgtagtagcag
atgctcgttctccacgtgacggacgtatcatcgaacaaatcggtacttataacccaacgagcgctaatgc
tccagaaattaaagttgacgaagcgttagctttaaaatggttaaatgatggtgcgaaaccaactgataca
gttcacaatatcttatcaaaagaaggtattatgaaaaaatttgacgaacaaaagaaagctaagtaa
>Potential gene 25:27146..27649, 504 bp
atgagagttgaagttggtcaaattgttaacacacatggtattaaaggtgaaattaaagtaaaatccaatt
cagactttacagacgttcgttttcaacccggtcaagtgctgacagttgtgcataacaataacgaccttga
atatactgttaagtcacatagagtgcataaagggcttcatatgcttacatttgaaggtattaataatatt
aatgatattgagcatttaaaagggagttctatttatcaagagcgtgatcatgaagatatcgtacttgagg
aaaatgaattttattattcagatattataggatgtacagtttttgatgatcaagaaacaccaataggtcg
tgtaattaatatatttgaaacaggtgcgaatgatgtgtgggtgattaaaggatctaaagaatatttgatt
ccttatattgctgatgttgtaaaagaagtggatgttgaaaataaaaaaattatcatcacgccaatggaag
gattgttggattaa
>Potential gene 26:27649..28386, 738 bp
atgaaaattgattatttaactttatttcctgaaatgtttgatggtgttttaaatcattcaattatgaaac
gtgcccaagaaaacaataaattacaaatcaatacggttaattttagagattatgcaattaacaagcacaa
ccaagtagatgattatccgtatggtggcggacaaggtatggtgttaaagcctgaacctgtttttaatgcg
atggaagacttagatgtcacagaacaaacacgcgttattttaatgtgtccacaaggcgagccattttcac
atcagaaagctgttgaattaagcaaggccgaccacatcgttttcatatgcggacattatgaaggttacga
tgaacgtatccgaacacatcttgtcacagatgaaatatcaatgggtgactatgttttaactggtggagaa
ttgccagcgatgaccatgactgatgctattgttagactgattccaggtgttttaggtaatgaacagtcac
atcaagacgattcattttcagatgggttattagagtttccgcaatatacacgtccgcgtgaatttaaggg
tctaacagttccagatgttttattgtctggaaatcatgccaatattgatgcatggagacatgagcaaaag
ttgatccgcacatataataaaagacctgacttaattgaaaaatatccattaactaatgcagataagcaaa
tattagaaagatataaaataggattgaaaaaaggttag
>Potential gene 27:28489..28839, 351 bp
atgacaaatcacaaattaatcgaagcagtaactaaatcacaattacgtacagacttaccaagtttccgtc
ctggtgatactttacgtgtacacgtacgtatcattgagggtactcgtgagcgtatccaagtattcgaagg
cgttgtaattaaacgtcgtggcggtggcgtttctgaaacgtttacagttcgtaaaatttcatcaggtgtt
ggcgtggaacgtacattcccattacacacaccaaaaattgaaaaaatcgaagttaaacgtcgtggtaaag
tacgtcgtgctaaattatattacttacgtagtttacgtggtaaagctgctagaatccaagaaattcgtta
a
>Potential gene 28:28801..28989, 189 bp
atgaatagagaaggaataaacaattacattatcaactttacattaactaaacagcaaaaaaagccatcta
tatcactccataaaagtgacctagatggctttattgtttgagtcgaatttgactcatacatagctttgtt
taaatgctgattaacgaatttcttggattctagcagctttaccacgtaa
>Potential gene 29:29083..31536, 2454 bp
atgatgccatttcaaatgtatttgtatgaacatctacgtagtttttctagtttatatgatgcatcgtttg
gattaggtggcgattatatgaaaggactatcatattattattcgctgtcacctttaatgtggctaaattt
tctattcattaaaataggagaaacggttggtatatttaatccgacgacaatacatttttggccgacaaac
caacttattatggctatgatacgagctatcataacatttgtcgtgaccttctacttatttaaaatattac
actttaaacgctcagcaaatatgatcgctacgattttatacggcatgtcaactgtcgttatatactttaa
ttttacttggtcattttatggaaatttattatatttattgccattatcgattcttggtttggaaagatat
tttcaacaacgcaaaatcggtattttcattgttgcgatagccttaacactatttagcaatttttatttca
gttattatcaagctattattataggttgctactatttatatcgactcattttcacttacaaatatgacat
tgtctctagaacacaaaaattaatttgcgtcatatctgctacagttttgagtgtgttatcaagtgtattt
ggtttattcactggcatttctgcgtttttggaaaatgacagaaagcaaaatcccaatgttgatataccgt
ttttgacaccacttgattatcattattttttctttagcgatggattttatattacgatttcaattcttac
tatcgttgcattattgtcattcaaactgtatcgtttttacttttatagacttttcgcaatagtaacatgg
atattatttataggttcattatcacagtatttcgacagtgcttttaatggtttttcatttccagaaaggc
gttgggtgtatatcttagcactatcatcaagtgctctttgcggattgtttattcaacatttatcaacatt
aaatatgaaatattatttaatcagaacaatacccgtatgcatcatcgcaatactttatgtattactatca
ccgacacacccacttgcacttatagtaggtattatcctgctaatagtgcttgccgttattttaaaattta
gtttatggcgttataaaaaattaaccgttgcaatattagtattaatcgttatgattcaacaaatcgtcat
tttagataacaacaaaaacatggcaatcaaaccttatcaacaatcattatcaacgttgaaacaacatgat
taccatagtaactatgtaaaccagcttataaaaaagataaatcaaaatgcaacaggctcatttaatcgca
ttgattatatgtcagactatgcattaaattcaccatttatatatcattataatggcatttcattatattc
tagtatttttaatggagacattttaaaatattatgacaagacactccaaattaatatgccaatcgataaa
aacagcacttatagattacttggcaatcgtcaaaatttactatcactttggaatgttaatgatcgaatta
gagtgaatcatgatgacaacttaccatatggatttaaaattaagtctgaacacaaagacaataaagttcg
ttggattcattctaaaaataccatccattatccaagtgcacatattacaaataaggtcttttccaataaa
gaattaaaatctccattagataaagaacaagcaatgttgcaagggattgtttctaacaatattaaagatg
ttaatacacattttaaagccaataaaaatttactatcagattcaacaattaaattaaatagtgcagcctg
gcaatctcctacaaaacatttattacaagttaaacaaaataatggtggtctaactgtacagttgccaaaa
tcagtttctaatcaatttaaagatttgtattttgaaatggatttagaattactttcgccggataaagctc
atgatgttaaagtgaatgaatatacacaagaaagaaataaactcacttataaatatcgacgcgttgtaac
acccgtaacgatacgcattaaagctccagatagaattagattatcattgcctaaaggtaagtatcgagta
aatttaaaagggatatacggcgaagattataccacgcttaaagacgcttcaaattcattagaagctgtca
aagttagtaagacaaagcatggttatactattactaaaaataaaaattcatctgggtatattgttttgcc
aacagcatataatcaaggtatgaaagcgacatcaggtgatcaaagtcttaaagttgaacaagtaaatggt
gttatgaccggcattaaagcacctaaaaatataacaaagattcaattgagctataccccaccatactatt
atttacttataacaattactatatttggcattatatgtagtattattttcacgagatgggcaagacaaaa
ataa
>Potential gene 30:32090..32974, 885 bp
atggttattcaatggtatccaggacatatggcgaaagccaaaagagaagtaagtgaacaattaaaaaaag
tagatgtagtgtttgaactagtagatgcaagaattccatatagttcaagaaaccctatgatagatgaagt
tattaaccaaaaaccacgtgttgttatattaaataaaaaagatatgtctaatttaaatgagatgtcaaaa
tgggaacaattttttattgataaaggatactatcctgtatcagtggatgctaagcacggtaaaaatttaa
agaaagtggaagctgcagcaattaaggcgactgctgaaaaatttgaacgcgaaaaagcgaaaggacttaa
acctagagcgataagagcaatgatcgttggaattccaaatgttggtaaatccacattaataaataaactg
gcaaagcgtagtattgcgcagactggtaataaaccaggtgtgaccaaacaacaacaatggattaaagttg
gtaatgcattacaactattagacacaccagggatactttggcctaaatttgaagatgaagaagtcggtaa
gaagttgagtttaactggtgcgataaaagatagtattgtgcacttagatgaagttgccatctatggatta
aactttttaattcaaaatgatttagcgcgattaaagtcacattataatattgaagttcctgaagatgcag
aaatcatagcgtggtttgatgcgatagggaaaaaacgtggcttaattcgacgtggtaatgaaattgatta
cgaagcagtcattgaactgattatttatgatattcgaaatgctaaaataggaaattattgttttgatatt
tttaaagatatgactgaggaattagcaaatgacgctaacaattaa
>Potential gene 31:32958..33725, 768 bp
atgacgctaacaattaaagaagttacgcagttgattaatgcggttaatacaatagaagaattagaaaatc
atgaatgctttttagatgagcgaaaaggtgttcaaaatgccatagctaggcgcagaaaagcgttagaaaa
agaacaagctttaaaagaaaagtatgttgaaatgacttactttgaaaatgaaatattaaaagagcatcct
aatgctattatttgtgggattgatgaagttggaagaggacctttagcaggtccagtcgttgcatgcgcaa
caattttaaattcaaatcacaattatttgggccttgatgactcgaaaaaagtacctgttacgaaacgtct
agaattaaatgaagcactaaaaaatgaagttactgcttttgcatatgggatcgcgacagctgaagaaata
gatgaatttaatatttataaagctactcaaatcgccatgcagcgagctattgatggattatcagtacaac
caacgcatttattgatagacgcgatgacgcttgataatgcactgcctcaagtatctttaatcaagggtga
tgcaagaagtgtgtccattgcagctgcaagtatcatggcaaaggtttttcgtgatgattatatgacacag
ttatctaaagattatcctgaatatggttttgaaaaaaacgcgggttacggtaccaaacaacatttactag
caatcgatgatattggcattatgaaagagcatagaaaaagctttgaacctataaaatcgttactgtaa
>Potential gene 32:33834..35000, 1167 bp
atgaatatccacgagtatcaaggtaaagaaatatttcgttcaatgggcgttgcagttccagaaggacgag
tagcatttactgctgaagaagcggtggagaaagcaaaagaattaaattctgatgtttatgttgtaaaagc
acaaattcatgctggaggtagaggtaaagcaggcggagtaaaaattgctaaatctttatctgaggtagaa
acatatgcaaaagaattattagggaaaactttggtgacacatcaaactggtccagaaggtaaagaaatta
agcgtttatatatcgaagaaggttgtgctattcaaaaagaatattacgttggattcgttattgatcgtgc
gactgaccaagtaacattgatggcgtctgaagaagggggcactgagattgaagaagttgctgcgaagact
cctgaaaagatcttcaaagaaactatcgatccagtaatcggactttcaccattccaagcaagacgaattg
cgtttaatattaatattcctaaagaatctgttaacaaagctgctaaattcttattagcactttataatgt
attcattgaaaaagattgttcaatcgtagaaatcaacccattagttacaacagctgatggtgatgtattg
gcattagatgctaaaattaattttgatgataatgcattattcagacataaagatgttgtagaattacgtg
atttagaagaagaagatccgaaagagattgaagcgtctaaacatgatttatcatacattgcattagatgg
tgacatcggatgtatggttaatggtgcaggtttagccatggcaacaatggatacgattaatcatttcggt
ggaaacccagccaatttcttagatgcaggcggaagcgctactagagaaaaagtaactgaagcatttaaaa
tcattttaggtgatgaaaatgttaaaggtatttttgtaaacattttcggtggcattatgaaatgtgatgt
tatcgcagaaggtatcgttgaagctgtaaaagaagtagatttaactttaccactagttgtacgcctagaa
ggtacaaatgttgagttaggtaaaaaaatcttaaaagactcaggattagcaattgaaccagcagcaacaa
tggctgaaggtgcacaaaaaattgttaaactagtcaaagaagcataa
>Potential gene 33:35022..35930, 909 bp
atgagtgtatttatagataagaatactaaagtaatggtacaaggtattacagggtctactgcccttttcc
atacaaaacaaatgcttgattatggtacgaaaatagtagcaggtgtgacgcctggtaaaggtggtcaagt
tgttgaaggcgttcctgttttcaacactgttgaagaagctaaaaatgaaactggggcaacggtttcagtc
atttacgttccagcaccatttgctgcagactcaattttagaagcagctgatgcagacttagatatggtta
tttgtatcactgaacatattcctgtattagacatggttaaagttaaacgctacttacaaggtagaaaaac
acgtttagttggtccgaactgtccaggtgtgattacagcagatgaatgtaaaattggtattatgcctggc
tatattcacaaaaaaggtcatgttggtgtagtatctcgttcaggtacattaacatatgaagcagtgcacc
aattgactgaagaaggtattggtcaaactacagctgttggtattggtggagacccagtcaacggaacaaa
ctttattgatgttttaaaagcattcaatgaagatgacgaaacgaaagcagttgttatgattggtgaaatc
ggtggtacggctgaagaagaagcagctgaatggattaaagcgaatatgacaaaaccagttgtaggcttta
tcggtggacaaacagcacctcctggaaaacgtatgggacatgctggtgcaatcatttcaggtggtaaagg
tactgctgaagagaaaattaaaacattaaatagttgtggtgtgaaaacagcggcaacaccttcagaaatt
ggttcaacattaattgaagctgctaaagaagcaggtatttatgaatcattattaactgttaataaataa
>Potential gene 34:36124..37275, 1152 bp
atgtttgtatattattgtaaggagtgtttcatcatgaataaacaacaaagtaaagtacgctattcaatta
gaaaagttagtattggaattttgtcaatttcaataggtatgtttttggcattgggtatgtcgaacaaagc
atatgcagatgaaattgataaatctaaagattttacaagagggtatgagcaaaatgtattcgcgaaatca
gagttaaatgctaataaaaatacgacaaaagacaaaataaaaaatgaaggtgctgttaaaacatcggaca
caagtttaaagttagacaacaaatcagcaatttcaaacggaaatgaaattaatcaagatataaagatttc
aaatactccgaaaaactcaagccaaggtaacaatctagttattaataacaatgaacttactaaagaaatt
aaaattgcaaacttggaagctcaaaattctaatcagaagaaaacgaataaagttactaataattactttg
gttactacagttttagagaagctccaaaaacacaaatctatactgtaaaaaaaggagacacacttagtgc
tatagcattaaaatacaaaactacagtttcaaatattcaaaatacaaataatatagcaaatcctaattta
atatttattggtcaaaaattaaaagtgccaatgacaccattagtagaaccaaaaccaaaaacagtgtctt
caaataataaaagtaatagtaatagcagtacattaaattatttgaaaacattagagaatagaggatggga
tttcgacggtagttatggatggcaatgtttcgatttagttaatgtatattggaatcatctttatggtcat
ggattaaaaggatatggagctaaagatataccatatgcaaataattttaatagtgaagctaaaatttatc
acaacacaccaactttcaaagctgaacctggggacttagtggtttttagtggaagatttggtggaggata
tggtcatacagctattgtcttaaatggtgattatgatggaaaattaatgaagttccaaagtttagatcaa
aactggaataatggtggatggcgtaaagcagaggttgcacataaagttgttcataattatgaaaatgata
tgatttttattagaccatttaaaaaagcataa
>Potential gene 35:37303..38547, 1245 bp
atgaaattttcaactttaagtgaagaagaatttaccaactacaccaaaaagcacttcaaacattatacac
agtctatagaattatataattatagaaataaaataaatcatgaagcacatattgtgggagtgaagaatga
taaaaatgaagttatagctgcatgtttattaacagaggcacgaatttttaaattctacaaatatttctac
tctcatagaggtcctttacttgattatttcgatgctaaattagtttgttacttttttaaagaattatcta
aattcatttataaaaatagaggagtatttattcttgttgatccatatttaatagagaatttaagagatgc
aaatggtaggataataaagaattataataattcagtgatagtaaagatgctagggaaaattgggtatctc
catcaaggttatacaacaggatattcaaataaaagtcaaattaggtggatttctgtattggatttaaaag
ataaagatgagaatcaacttttaaaagaaatggaataccaaactagaagaaatataaaaaagactattga
gattggtgttaaggttgaagatttatctattgaagaaacaaatcgattttataaattgtttcaaatggct
gaagaaaaacatggttttcatttcatgaatgaagattattttaaacgaatgcaagaaatatataaagata
aggcaatgttaaagatagcttgtataaatcttaatgaatatcaagataaattaaaaatacaattattgaa
aatcgaaaatgaaatgatgactgtgaacagagcattaaatgaaaatccaaattctaaaaaaaataaatca
aaattaaatcagttaaatatgcaattatctagtattaataatagaattagtaaaaccgaagaactaatat
ttgaagatggacctgttttggatttagctgctgctttatttatatgtactgatgatgaagtttattatct
atcaagtggatcaaatccgaaatataatcagtatatgggtgcatatcatctacaatggcatatgataaaa
tatgcaaaatcacataatattaataggtataatttttatggaataacaggcgtctttagtaatgaggcgg
atgattttggtgttcaacaatttaaaaagggttttaatgcacatgttgaagaattaattggtgatttcat
caaaccagtaagaccaattctatataaatttgcaaaacttatttataaggtttaa
>Potential gene 36:38789..39592, 804 bp
atggcatatcctaatgtaattaaagaggagggaagaaaaaaagatagttatttatgtgaatgggtgaata
gggaagaaaatgttcatttattacgtaaatactatgcttttataaaacttgatcataacgatattattaa
agaactgcagaaattaaaagtaagttacattacatatatggattctgaatacccagtgctattaaaagaa
atatatcaatttccattacttcttttctataaagggaacatcaaattaataaataatatgcatcatttgg
cagtagtaggtgcaagagattctacaagttatacccaacagtctttagaatttttattatcaaatgataa
aagcaaatatttaacaattgtttccggccttgctcaaggagctgatgcaatggcacatcaaatagcttta
aaatacaatctccctacaattgcagttttagcctttggccatcaaacacattatcccaaaagtacattag
cattaagaaataaaatagaagaaaaaggtttagttatatctgaatatccaccacatacaccaatcgctaa
atatagatttcctgagcgcaatagaattatcagcggtttgtcaaaaggggttttaattactgaggctaag
gaacaaagtggcagtcacatcacgatagattttgcattagagcaaaatagaaatgtttatgttttacctg
gatctatgtttaatcctatgacaaaaggtaatttattacgtatccaagaaggtgctaaggtagtattaaa
cgctaatgatatatttgaagactactatatttaa
>Potential gene 37:39766..41841, 2076 bp
atgacattggcagataatttagtcattgttgaatcgcctgcaaaagcaaaaaccattgaaaagtatttag
gtaagaaatataaagttatagcttcaatgggacacgtcagagacttaccaagaagtcaaatgggtgtcga
cactgaagataattacgaaccaaaatatataacaatacgcggaaaaggtcctgttgtaaaagaattgaaa
aaacatgcaaaaaaagcgaaaaacgtctttctcgcaagtgaccccgaccgtgaaggtgaagcaattgctt
ggcatttatcaaaaattttagagcttgaagattctaaagaaaatcgcgttgttttcaacgaaataactaa
agacgctgttaaagaaagttttaaaaatcctagagaaattgaaatgaacttagtcgatgcacaacaagcg
cgtcgaatattagatagattagttggctataacatctcgccagttctttggaaaaaagtaaaaaaagggt
tgtcagcgggtcgagttcaatctgttgcacttcgtttagtcattgaccgtgaaaatgaaattcgaaactt
taaaccagaagaatattggactattgaaggagaatttagatacaaaaaatcaaaattcaatgctaaattc
cttcattataaaaataaaccttttaaactaaaaacgaaaaaagatgttgagaaaattacagctgcattag
atggagatcaattcgaaattacaaacgtgactaaaaaagaaaaaacgcgtaatccagcaaacccatttac
aacttctacattacaacaagaggcggcacgtaaattaaactttaaagcaagaaaaacaatgatggtcgca
caacaattatatgaaggtatagatttgaaaaaacaaggtacgattggtttaataacatatatgagaaccg
attctacacgtatttcagatactgccaaagttgaagcaaaacagtatataactgataaatacggtgaatc
ttacacttctaaacgtaaagcatcagggaaacaaggtgaccaagatgcccatgaggctattagaccttca
agtactatgcgtacgccagatgatatgaagtcatttttgacgaaagaccaataccgattatacaaattaa
tttgggaacgatttgttgctagtcaaatggctccagcaatacttgatacagtctcattagacataacaca
aggtgacattaaatttagagcgaatggtcaaacaatcaagtttaaaggatttatgacactttatgtagaa
actaaagatgatagtgatagcgaaaaggaaaataaactgcctaaattagagcaaggtgataaagtcacag
caactcaaattgaaccagctcaacactatacacaaccacctccaagatatactgaggcgagattagtaaa
aacactagaagaattgaaaattgggcgaccatcaacttatgcaccgacaatagatacgattcaaaagcgt
aactatgtcaaattagaaagtaagcgttttgttcctactgagttgggagaaatagttcatgaacaagtga
aagaatacttcccagagattattgatgtggaattcacagtgaatatggaaacgttacttgataagattgc
agaaggcgacattacatggaggaaagtaatcgacggtttctttagtagctttaaacaagatgttgaacgt
gctgaagaagagatggaaaagattgaaatcaaagatgagccagccggtgaagactgtgaaatttgtggtt
ctcctatggttataaaaatgggacgctatggtaagttcatggcttgctcaaacttcccggattgtcgtaa
tacaaaagcgatagttaagtctattggtgttaaatgtccaaaatgtaatgatggtgacgtcgtagaaaga
aaatctaaaaagaatcgtgtcttttatggatgttcgaaatatcctgaatgcgactttatctcttgggata
agccgattggaagagattgtccaaaatgtaaccaatatcttgttgaaaataaaaaaggcaagacaacaca
agtaatatgttcaaattgcgattataaagaggcagcgcagaaataa
>Potential gene 38:41997..43304, 1308 bp
atgactcaaactgtaaatgtaataggtgctggtcttgccggttcagaagcggcatatcaattagctgaaa
gaggaattaaagttaatctaatagagatgagacctgttaaacaaacaccagcgcaccatactgataaatt
tgcggaacttgtatgttccaattcattacgcggaaatgctttaactaatggtgtgggtgttttaaaagaa
gaaatgagaagattgaattctataattattgaagcggctgataaggcacgagttccagctggtggtgcat
tagcagttgatagacacgatttttcaggttatattactgaaacacttaaaaatcatgaaaatatcacagt
tattaatgaagaaattaatgccattccagatggatacacaattatcgcaacaggaccacttactacagaa
acccttgcgcaagaaatagtggacattactggtaaagatcaactttatttctatgatgcggctgctccaa
ttattgaaaaagaatctattgatatggataaagtttacttaaagtcccgttatgataaaggtgaagctgc
atatttaaactgtcctatgactgaggatgaatttaatcgcttttatgatgcagtattagaagctgaagtt
gcgcctgtaaattcatttgaaaaagaaaaatatttcgagggttgtatgccttttgaagtaatggcagaac
gcggacgcaagacattactatttggaccaatgaaaccagtaggattagaagatccaaagactgggaaacg
tccttatgcggtggttcaattaagacaagatgacgctgctggtacactctacaatattgttggcttccaa
acgcatttaaaatggggagctcaaaaagaagtcattaaattaattccaggcttagaaaatgttgatattg
ttagatatggtgtgatgcatagaaataccttcattaattcaccggacgtattaaacgagaaatatgaatt
gatttcacaaccaaacatacagtttgcgggacaaatgactggtgttgaaggttatgtagaaagcgcagct
agcggcttagttgcaggtatcaatcttgcgcataaaatattaggcaagggtgaggtagtatttccgagag
aaacaatgattggaagtatggcttactatatttctcatgctaaaaacaataagaatttccaacctatgaa
tgctaacttcgggttattaccatctttagaaactagaattaaagataaaaaagaacgctatgaagcacaa
gctaatagagctttggattacttagaaaatttcaaaaaaactttataa
>Potential gene 39:43970..44656, 687 bp
atgacgcttgatgagaacattattaatccatttgttcaattagtacatccgaaaaaagaaaaatatcttc
cgcaattcttttacgaagaagaaatggaagcgttattcaaaactgtagaagaggacacttcaaaaaattt
acgggatcgagttattcttgaattgttgtatgctacaggcatccgtgtttcggaattagtaaatattaaa
aaacaagatatagatttttacgcgaatggtgttaccgtattaggaaaagggagcaaagagcgctttgtac
cgtttggtgcttattgtagacaaagcatcgaaaattatttagaacatttcaaaccaattcagtcatgcaa
tcatgattttcttattgtaaatatgaagggtgaagcaatcactgaacgcggtgtacgatatgttttaaat
gatattgttaaacgaacagcaggcgtaagtgagattcatccccacaagctcagacatacatttgcaacgc
atttattgaatcaaggtgcagacctaagaacagtacaatcgttattaggtcatgttaatttgtcaacaac
tggtaaatatacacacgtatctaaccaacaattaagaaaagtgtatctaaatgcacatcctcgagcgaaa
aaggagaatgaaacatgagtaatacaacattacatgcaacaacaatttatgctgtaa
>Potential gene 40:44614..45159, 546 bp
atgagtaatacaacattacatgcaacaacaatttatgctgtaagacataatgggaaagcagctatggctg
gagatgggcaagtaacgcttggtcaacaagtcatcatgaaacaaacggcaagaaaagtgcgacgtttata
tgaaggtaaagtgttagctggtttcgcaggtagtgtagcagatgcgtttacgttatttgaaaaattcgaa
acaaaattacaacagtttagtggtaacttagaaagagctgctgttgaattggcacaagaatggcgaggcg
ataaacaattacgtcaattagaagctatgctaattgtaatggataaagatgctattttagttgtcagtgg
aactggcgaagttattgctccagatgatgaccttatcgctattggatcaggaggcaactacgcattaagc
gcaggacgtgcattgaaacgccatgcatcgcatttgtctgctgaagaaatggcatatgagagcttgaaag
tagcggctgatatttgtgtctttaccaacgataatattgttgtcgaaacactataa
>Potential gene 41:45216..46628, 1413 bp
atgaaattaatggatacagctggaataagattaactccaaaagaaatcgtatctaaattaaatgaataca
tcgttggacaaaatgatgctaaacgtaaagtggcaattgccctacgtaatcgatacagaagaagtttatt
agatgaggaatcaaagcaagaaatttcacctaaaaatattttgatgattggaccaaccggcgttggtaaa
actgaaattgcaagaagaatggccaaagttgtcggcgcgccatttataaaagtagaagctactaaattta
ctgaggtaggttatgtaggacgagatgttgaaagtatggttagagatcttgttgatgtttcagtaagatt
agtcaaggcgcagaaaaaatcattggtacaagatgaagcaacagctaaggccaatgaaaaacttgttaag
ttattagttccaagtatgaaaaagaaagcgtctcaaacgaataatcctttagagtcacttttcggaggtg
caattccaaatttcggacaaaataacgaagatgaagaagaaccacctactgaggaaattaaaacaaaacg
ttctgaaattaagagacagctagaagaaggcaaacttgaaaaagaaaaggtaagaattaaagtcgaacaa
gatcctggtgctttaggtatgctaggtacaaatcaaaatcagcaaatgcaagagatgatgaatcaattaa
tgcctaaaaagaaagttgagcgagaagttgctgttgagacggcaaggaaaatcttagctgatagttatgc
ggatgaactaattgatcaagaaagcgctaaccaagaagcgcttgaattagcagaacaaatgggtatcatc
tttatagatgaaatcgacaaagttgcgacgaataatcataatagtggtcaagatgtctcaagacaaggtg
ttcaaagagatattttacctatacttgaaggtagcgttattcaaaccaaatatggtactgtgaatactga
acatatgctgtttataggtgctggagctttccatgtatctaagccgagtgacttgataccagaattgcaa
ggtcgttttccgattagagttgaacttgatagtttatcggtagaagattttgtaagaattttgacagaac
caaaattgtcattaattaaacaatatgaagcattgcttcaaacagaagaagttactgtaaactttaccga
tgaagcaattactcgcttagctgagattgcttatcaagtaaatcaagatacagacaacattggtgcacgt
cgacttcatacaattttagaaaagatgctagaagatttatcattcgaagcaccaagtatgccgaatgcag
ttgtagatattaccccacaatatgttgatgataaattaaaatcaatttcaacaaataaagatttaagtgc
atttattctataa
>Potential gene 42:46653..47426, 774 bp
atgagcttattatctaaaacgagagagttaaacacgttacttcaaaaacacaaaggtattgcggttgatt
ttaaagatgtagcacaaacgattagtagcgtaactgtaacaaatgtatttattgtatcgcgtcgaggtaa
aattttaggatcgagtctaaatgaattattaaaaagtcaaagaattattcaaatgttggaagaaagacat
attccaagtgaatatacagaacgattaatggaagttaaacaaacagaatcaaatattgatatcgacaatg
tattaacagtattcccacctgaaaacagagaattattcatagatagtcgtacaactatcttcccaatttt
aggtggaggggaaagattaggtacattagtacttggtcgagtacatgatgattttaatgaaaatgatttg
gtactaggtgaatatgctgctacagttattggtatggaaatcttacgtgagaagcatagtgaagtagaaa
aagaagcgcgcgataaagctgctattacaatggcaattaattcattatcttattctgaaaaagaagcgat
tgaacatatctttgaagaacttggcggtacggaaggcctattaatcgcatcaaaagttgcagatagagtt
ggtattactagatctgtaattgtaaatgcactacgtaaattagaaagtgctggtgtaattgaatcacgtt
ctttaggaatgaaaggtactttcattaaagttaaaaaagaaaaattcttagatgaattagaaaaaagtaa
ataa
>Potential gene 43:47768..48535, 768 bp
atggcagtaatttcaatgaaacaattactagaagcgggtgttcacttcggtcaccaaacacgtcgttgga
acccaaaaatgaaaaaatatatcttcactgagagaaatggtatttatatcatcgacttacaaaaaacagt
gaaaaaagtagacgaggcatacaacttcttgaaacaagtttcagaagatggtggacaagtcttattcgta
ggaactaaaaaacaagcacaagaatcagttaaatctgaagcagaacgtgctggtcaattctacattaacc
aaagatggttaggtggattattaactaactataaaacgatctcaaaacgaatcaaacgtatttctgaaat
tgaaaaaatggaagaagatggtttattcgaagtattacctaaaaaagaagtagtagaacttaaaaaagaa
tacgaccgtttaatcaaattcttaggcggaattcgtgatatgaaatcaatgcctcaagcattattcgtag
ttgacccacgtaaagagcgtaatgcaattgctgaagctcgtaaattaaatattcctatcgtaggtatcgt
tgacactaactgtgatcctgacgaaattgactacgttatcccagcaaacgacgatgctatccgtgcggtt
aaattattaactgctaaaatggcagatgcaatcttagaaggtcaacaaggcgtttctaatgaagaagtag
ctgcagaacaaaacatcgatttagatgaaaaagaaaaatcagaagaaacagaagcaactgaagaataa
>Potential gene 44:48717..49598, 882 bp
atggcaactatttcagcaaaacttgttaaagaattacgtgaaaaaactggcgcgggtatgatggattgta
aaaaagcgctaactgaaactgatggtgacatcgataaagcgattgactacctacgtgaaaaaggtattgc
taaagcagctaaaaaagcagaccgtattgcggctgaaggtttagtacatgtagaaactaaaggtaacgac
gcagttatcgttgaaatcaactctgaaacagactttgttgctcgtaacgaaggtttccaagagttagtta
aagaaatcgctaatcaagtattagatacaaaagctgaaactgttgaagctttaatggaaacaactttacc
aaatggtaaatcagttgatgaaagaattaaagaagcaatttcaacaatcggtgaaaaattaagtgttcgt
cgttttgctatcagaactaaaactgataacgatgctttcggcgcttacttacacatgggtggacgcattg
gtgtattaacagttgttgaaggttcaactgacgaagaagcagcaagagacgttgctatgcatatcgctgc
aatcaaccctaaatatgtttcttctgaacaagttagcgaagaagaaatcaaccacgaaagagaagtttta
aaacaacaagcattaaatgaaggtaaaccagaaaacatcgttgaaaaaatggtggaaggacgtttacgta
aatacttacaagaaatttgtgctgtagatcaagacttcgttaaaaaccctgatgtaacagttgaagcttt
cttaaaaacaaaaggtggaaaacttgttgacttcgtacgctatgaagtaggcgaaggtatggaaaaacgc
gaagaaaactttgcggatgaagttaaaggacaaatgaaataa
>Potential gene 45:49735..50457, 723 bp
atggctcaaatttctaaatataaacgtgtagttttgaaactaagtggtgaagcgttagctggagaaaaag
gatttggcataaatccagtaattattaaaagtgttgctgagcaagtggctgaagttgctaaaatggactg
tgaaatcgcagtaatcgttggtggcggaaacatttggagaggtaaaacaggtagtgacttaggtatggac
cgtggaactgctgattacatgggtatgcttgcaactgtaatgaatgccttagcattacaagatagtttag
aacaattggattgtgatacacgagtattaacatctattgaaatgaagcaagtggctgaaccttatattcg
tcgtcgtgcaattagacacttagaaaagaaacgcgtagttatttttgctgcaggtattggaaacccatac
ttctctacagatactacagcggcattacgtgctgcagaagttgaagcagatgttattttaatgggcaaaa
ataatgtagatggtgtatattctgcagatcctaaagtaaacaaagatgcggtaaaatatgaacatttaac
gcatattcaaatgcttcaagaaggtttacaagtaatggattcaacagcatcctcattctgtatggataat
aacattccgttaactgttttctctattatggaagaaggaaatattaaacgtgctgttatgggtgaaaaga
taggtacgttaattacaaaataa
>Potential gene 46:50476..51030, 555 bp
atgagtgacattattaatgaaactaaatcaagaatgcaaaaatcaatcgaaagcttatcacgtgaattag
ctaacatcagtgcaggaagagctaattcaaatttattaaacggcgtaacagttgattactatggtgcacc
aacacctgtacaacaattagcaagcatcaatgttccagaagcacgtttacttgttatttctccatacgac
aaaacttctgtagctgacatcgaaaaagcgataatagcagctaacttaggtgttaacccaacaagtgatg
gtgaagtgatacgtattgctgtacctgccttaacagaagaacgtagaaaagagcgcgttaaagatgttaa
gaaaattggtgaagaagctaaagtatctgttcgaaatattcgtcgtgatatgaatgatcagttgaaaaaa
gatgaaaaaaatggcgacattactgaagatgagttgagaagtggtactgaagatgttcagaaagcaacag
acaattcaataaaagaaattgatcaaatgattgctgataaagaaaaagatattatgtcagtataa
>Potential gene 47:51370..52173, 804 bp
atgacagagatgatcaggctcggaggaaagaccatgtttaaaaagctaataaataaaaagaacactataa
ataattataatgaagaattagactcgtctaatatacctgaacatatcgctattattatggatggtaatgg
gcgatgggctaagaagcgaaaaatgcctagaattaaaggtcattacgaaggtatgcaaacaataaaaaaa
attactagggtagctagtgatattggtgttaagtacttaactttatacgccttttccactgaaaattggt
caagacctgaaagtgaagtaaattatattatgaatttgcctgtcaatttcttaaagacattcttaccgga
actaattgaaaaaaatgtcaaagttgaaacaattggatttactgataagttgccaaaatcaacgatagaa
gcaattaataatgctaaagaaaagacagctaataataccggcttaaaattaatatttgcaattaattatg
gtggcagagcagaacttgttcatagtattaaaaatatgtttgacgagcttcatcaacaaggtttaaatag
tgatatcatagatgaaacatatataaacaatcatttaatgacaaaagactatcctgatccagagttgtta
attcgtacttcaggagaacaaagaataagtaatttcttgatttggcaagtttcgtatagtgaatttatct
ttaatcaaaaattatggcctgactttgacgaagatgaattaattaaatgtataaaaatttatcagtcacg
tcaaagacgctttggcggattgagtgaggagtag
>Potential gene 48:52180..52962, 783 bp
atgaaagttagaacgctgacagctattattgccttaatcgtattcttgcctatcttgttaaaaggcggcc
ttgtgttaatgatatttgctaatatattagcattgattgcattaaaagaattgttgaatatgaatatgat
taaatttgtttcagttcctggtttaattagtgcagttggtcttatcatcattatgttgccacaacatgca
gggccatgggtacaagtaattcaattaaaaagtttaattgcaatgagctttattgtattaagttatactg
tcttatctaaaaacagatttagttttatggatgctgcattttgcttaatgtctgtggcttatgtaggcat
tggttttatgttcttttatgaaacgagatcagaaggattacattacatattatatgcctttttaattgtt
tggcttacagatacaggggcttacttgtttggtaaaatgatgggtaaacataagctttggccagtaataa
gtccgaataaaacaatcgaaggattcataggtggcttgttctgtagtttgatagtaccacttgcaatgtt
atattttgtagatttcaatatgaatgtatggatattacttggagtgacattgattttaagtttatttggt
caattaggtgatttagtggaatcaggatttaagcgtcatttcggcgttaaagactcaggtcgaatactac
ctggacacggtggtattttagaccgatttgacagctttatgtttgtgttaccattattaaatattttatt
aatacaatcttaa
>Potential gene 49:53299..54510, 1212 bp
atgttttttgcgaaaagagcaggcattatgtgtccagaatttgcgatcggtatggggccaaaaattttta
gttttagaaaaaatgaaacactttacactattaggttattgcctgttggtggatatgttcgtatggcagg
agatggcttagaagagccaccagtcgagcccggtatgaacgttaaaattaaacttaatgaagaaaatgaa
ataacacatatcatattagatgatcatcataagtttcaacaaattgaagcgatcgaagttaaaaaatgtg
attttaaggatgacttattcatagaaggtatcactgcttatgataatgaaagacatcattttaaaattgc
tagaaagtctttctttgttgaaaatggtagcttagttcaaattgctccgagagacagacaatttgcacat
aaaaagccatggccgaaatttttaacattatttgcgggaccgttatttaactttatattagctttagtcc
tatttattggtcttgcatattatcaaggcacgcctacgtctactgtagaacaagtcgcagataagtatcc
agctcaacaagcaggattacaaaaaggtgataagatcgtccaaattggcaaatataaaatatctgaattt
gatgatgttgataaggcgttagataaagttaaagataataagacgactgttaaatttgaacgtgatggta
aaacaaagtcagttgaattaacacctaaaaagactgaaaaaaaactgactaaagtaagttcagagacgaa
gtatgttctcggattccaaccagcgagtgaacatacactttttaaaccaattgtattcggatttaaaagc
tttttaatcggtagtacttatatttttacagctgtagtaggtatgttggctagtatatttacgggcggat
tctcatttgatatgttaaatggtccggttggtatttatcataacgtcgactcagttgttaaagcgggtat
cattagcttaattggttacactgcgttattaagtgtaaacttaggtattatgaatttaattcctattcct
gcactagacggtggtcgtattttatttgttatatatgaagcgattttcagaaaaccagttaataaaaaag
cggaaacaacgattattgctattggtgccattttcatggtcgttataatgatattagtaacgtggaatga
tattcgacgatatttcttataa
>Potential gene 50:54530..56233, 1704 bp
atgaagcaatccaaagtttttataccaacgatgcgtgacgtgccatcagaagcagaagcacaaagtcatc
gtttattattgaaatcgggtttgataaaacaaagtacaagtgggatttatagttatttaccgctagcaac
acgtgtgttaaataatattactgcaattgtgcgacaagaaatggaacgtatcgattctgttgaaatttta
atgccagcgttacaacaagctgaattatgggaagaatcaggacgttggggtgcatatggcccagaattaa
tgcgtttacaagatagacatggaagacaatttgcattaggtccaacacatgaagaattagttacatcaat
agtaagaaatgaattgaaatcatacaaacaattaccgatgacattattccaaattcaatctaaattccgt
gatgaaaagagaccacgttttggtttacttcgtgggcgtgaatttattatgaaagatgcatattcattcc
atgctgacgaggcatcattagatcaaacgtatcaagatatgtatcaagcgtatagccgtatttttgagag
agttggcattaacgcaagaccagtagttgcagattcaggtgctataggcggtagccatacacatgaattt
atggcattaagtgctatcggtgaggatacaatcgtttacagtaaagaaagtgattatgctgctaacatcg
aaaaagcagaagtcgtttacgaaccaaatcataagcatactactgtgcaacctttagaaaaaattgaaac
accaaatgttaagactgcgcaagaattggcagacttcttaggtagaccagtagatgaaatcgttaaaacg
atgattttcaaagttgatggcgaatatattatggttttagtgcgtggccatcatgaaattaatgacatta
aattaaaatcttatttcggcacagataatattgaattagcaacacaagacgaaattgttaatttagttgg
tgcaaatcctggttcactaggtcctgtaattgataaagaaatcaaaatttatgcagataattttgtgcaa
gatttaaataatttagttgtcggtgctaacgaagatggttatcacttaattaatgtaaatgtaggtagag
acttcaacgttgatgaatatggcgatttccgttttattttagaaggcgaaaagttaagtgatggttcagg
cgttgcacattttgctgaaggtattgaagttggtcaagtattcaaattgggtactaagtattcagaatca
atgaatgctacattcttagataaccaaggaaaagctcaatctttaattatgggttgttacggaattggaa
tttctagaacgctaagtgcgattgttgaacaaaatcacgatgataatggaattgtttggcctaaatcagt
tactccgtttgatttacatttaatttctattaatcctaagaaagatgatcaacgagaactagcagatgca
ctatatgctgaatttaatactaaatttgatgtgttgtacgatgatcgtcaggaacgtgcaggtgttaaat
ttaatgatgccgatttaattggtttaccactgcgaattgttgttggtaaacgtgcatcggaaggtattgt
agaagttaaagaacgtttaacaggtgatagcgaagaagttcacattgatgacttaatgactgtcattaca
aataaatatgataacttaaaataa
>Potential gene 51:56497..60807, 4311 bp
atgacagagcaacaaaaatttaaagtgcttgctgatcaaattaaaatttcaaatcaattagatgctgaaa
ttttaaattcaggtgaactgacacgtatagatgtttctaacaaaaacagaacatgggaatttcatattac
attaccacaattcttagctcatgaagattatttattatttataaatgcaatagagcaagagtttaaagat
atcgccaacgttacatgtcgttttacggtaacaaatggcacgaatcaagatgaacatgcaattaaatact
ttgggcactgtattgaccaaacagctttatctccaaaagttaaaggtcaattgaaacagaaaaagcttat
tatgtctggaaaagtattaaaagtaatggtatcaaatgacattgaacgtaatcattttgataaggcatgt
aatggaagtcttatcaaagcgtttagaaattgtggttttgatatcgataaaatcatattcgaaacaaatg
ataatgatcaagaacaaaacttagcttctttagaagcacatattcaagaagaagacgaacaaagtgcacg
attggcaacagagaaacttgaaaaaatgaaagctgaaaaagcgaaacaacaagataacaacgaaagtgct
gtcgataagtgtcaaattggtaagccgattcaaattgaaaatattaaaccaattgaatctattattgagg
aagagtttaaagttgcaatagagggtgtcatttttgatataaacttaaaagaacttaaaagtggtcgcca
tatcgtagaaattaaagtgactgactatacggactctttagttttaaaaatgtttactcgtaaaaacaaa
gatgatttagaacattttaaagcgctaagtgttggtaaatgggttagggctcaaggtcgtattgaagaag
atacatttattagagatttagttatgatgatgtctgatattgaagagattaaaaaagcgacaaaaaaaga
taaggctgaagaaaagcgtgtagaattccacttgcatactgcaatgagccaaatggatggtatacccaat
attggtgcgtatgttaaacaggcagcagactggggacatccagccattgcggttacagaccataatgttg
tgcaagcatttccagatgctcacgcagcagcggaaaaacatggcattaaaatgatatacggtatggaagg
tatgttagttgatgatggtgttccgattgcatacaaaccacaagatgtcgtattaaaagatgctacttat
gttgtgttcgacgttgagacaactggtttatcaaatcagtatgataaaatcatcgagcttgcagctgtga
aagttcataacggtgaaatcatcgataagtttgaaaggtttagtaatccgcatgaacgattatcggaaac
gattatcaatttgacgcatattactgatgatatgttagtagatgcccctgagattgaagaagtacttaca
gagtttaaagaatgggttggcgatgcgatattcgtagcgcataatgcttcgtttgatatgggcttcatcg
atacgggatatgaacgtcttgggtttggaccatcaacgaatggtgttatcgatactttagaattatctcg
tacgattaatactgaatatggtaaacatggtttgaatttcttggctaaaaaatatggcgtagaattaacg
caacatcaccgtgccatttatgatacagaagcaacagcttacattttcataaaaatggttcaacaaatga
aagaattaggcgtattaaatcataacgaaatcaacaaaaaactcagtaatgaagatgcatataaacgtgc
aagacctagtcatgtcacattaattgtacaaaaccaacaaggtcttaaaaatctatttaaaattgtaagt
gcatcattggtgaagtatttctaccgtacacctcgaattccacgttcattgttagatgaatatcgtgagg
gattattggtaggtacagcgtgtgatgaaggtgaattatttacggcagttatgcagaaggaccagagtca
agttgaaaaaattgccaaatattatgattttattgaaattcaaccaccggcactttatcaagatttaatt
gatagagagcttattagagatactgaaacattacatgaaatttatcaacgtttaatacatgcaggtgaca
cagcgggtatacctgttattgcgacaggaaatgcacactatttgtttgaacatgatggtatcgcacgtaa
aattttaatagcatcacaacccggcaatccacttaatcgctcaactttaccggaagcacattttagaact
acagatgaaatgttaaacgagtttcattttttaggtgaagaaaaagcgcatgaaattgttgtgaaaaata
caaacgaattagcagatcgaattgaacgtgttgttcctattaaagatgaattatacacaccgcgtatgga
aggtgctaacgaagaaattagagaactaagttatgcaaatgcgcgtaaactgtatggtgaagacctgcct
caaatcgtaattgatcgattagaaaaagaattaaaaagtattatcggtaatggatttgcggtaatttact
taatttcgcaacgtttagttaaaaaatcattagatgatggatacttagttggttcccgtggttcagtagg
ttctagttttgtagcgacaatgactgagattactgaagtaaacccgttaccgccacactatatttgtccg
aactgtaaaacgagtgaatttttcaatgatggttcagtaggatcaggatttgatttacctgataagacgt
gtgaaacttgtggagcgccacttattaaagaaggacaagatattccgtttgaaacatttttaggatttaa
gggagataaagttcctgatatcgacttaaactttagtggtgaatatcaaccgaatgcccataactacaca
aaagtattatttggtgaggataaagtattccgtgcaggtacaattggtactgttgctgaaaagactgctt
ttggttatgttaaaggttatttgaatgatcaaggtatccacaaaagaggtgctgaaatagatcgactcgt
taaaggatgtacaggtgttaaacgtacaactggacagcatccagggggtattattgtagtacctgattac
atggatatttatgattttacgccgatacaatatcctgccgatgatcaaaattcagcatggatgacgacac
attttgatttccattctattcatgataatgtattaaaacttgatatacttggacacgatgatccaacaat
gattcgtatgcttcaagatttatcaggaattgatccaaaaacaatacctgtagatgataaagaagttatg
cagatatttagtacacctgaaagtttgggtgttactgaagatgaaattttatgtaaaacaggtacatttg
gggtaccagaattcggtacaggattcgtgcgtcaaatgttagaagatacaaagccaacaacattttctga
attagttcaaatctcaggattatctcatggtacagatgtgtggttaggcaatgctcaagaattaattaaa
accggtatatgtgatttatcaagtgtaattggttgtcgtgatgatatcatggtttatttaatgtatgctg
gtttagaaccatcaatggcttttaaaataatggagtcagtacgtaaaggtaaaggtttaactgaagaaat
gattgaaacgatgaaagaaaatgaagtgccagattggtatttagattcatgtcttaaaattaagtacatg
ttccctaaagcccatgcagcagcatacgttttaatggcagtacgtatcgcatatttcaaagtacatcatc
cactttattactatgcatcttactttacaattcgtgcgtcagactttgatttaatcacgatgattaaaga
taaaacaagcattcgaaatactgtaaaagacatgtattctcgctatatggatctaggtaaaaaagaaaaa
gacgtattaacagtcttggaaattatgaatgaaatggcgcatcgaggttatcgaatgcaaccgattagtt
tagaaaagagtcaggcgttcgaatttatcattgaaggcgatacacttattccgccgttcatatcagtgcc
tgggcttggcgaaaacgttgcgaaacgaattgttgaagctcgtgacgatggcccatttttatcaaaagaa
gatttaaacaaaaaagctggattatctcagaaaattattgagtatttagatgagttaggctcattaccga
atttaccagataaagctcaactttcgatatttgatatgtaa
>Potential gene 52:61097..61564, 468 bp
atgagtaaaattacagaacaagtagaagtgattgttaaaccaattatggaagacttgaattttgaacttg
tagacgttgaatatgtcaaagagggtagagatcattttcttagaatctctattgataaagaaggtggcgt
agatttaaatgattgtacgctagcttctgaaaaaataagtgaagctatggatgcaaatgatcctattcct
gaaatgtattatttagacgtagcgtcacctggtgcagaacgtccaattaaaaaagaacaagatttccaaa
atgcaataactaaacctgtatttgtttctttatatgtaccaattgaaggtgaaaaggaatggttaggcat
tttacaagaagtcaataatgaaacaattgtagtacaagttaaaatcaaagcaagaacgaaagatatagag
ataccgagagacaaaatagcaaaagcacgtcacgcagttatgatttaa
>Potential gene 53:61738..62760, 1023 bp
atggatcaaggtactttcaaagttatcgctcgtaaagatgttgttgaagaagtatttgacgacagagatg
aagtggatttaagtacagcgcttgttaaaaaccctgcatatgaaattggtgatatatacgaagaagatgt
aacacctaaagattttggtcgtgtaggtgctcaagcagcgaaacaagcagtaatgcaacgtcttcgtgat
gctgaacgtgaaattttatttgaagaatttatagacaaagaagaagacatacttactggaattattgacc
gtgttgaccatcgttatgtatatgtgaatttaggtcgtatcgaagctgttttatctgaagcagaaagaag
tcctaacgaaaaatatattcctaacgaacgtatcaaagtatatgttaacaaagtggaacaaacgacaaaa
ggtcctcaaatctatgtttctcgtagccatccaggtttattaaaacgtttatttgaacaagaagttccag
aaatttacgatggtactgtaattgttaaatcagtagcacgtgaagctggcgatcgctctaaaattagtgt
cttctctgaaaacaatgatatagatgctgttggtgcatgtgttggtgctaaaggcgcacgtgttgaagct
gttgttgaagagctaggtggtgaaaaaatcgacatcgttcaatggaatgaagatccaaaagtatttgtaa
aaaatgctttaagcccttctcaagttttagaagttattgttgatgaaacaaatcaatctacagtagttgt
tgttcctgattatcaattgtcattagcgattggtaaaagaggacaaaacgcacgtctagctgctaaatta
accggctggaaaattgatattaaatcagaaacagatgcgcgtgaagcgggtatctatccagtagttgaag
ctgaaaaagtaactgaagaagatgttgctttagaagatgctgacacaacagaatcaaccgaagaggtaaa
tgatgtttcagttgaaacaaatgtagagaaagaatctgaataa
>Potential gene 54:62781..63071, 291 bp
atgaaaaagaaaaaaattccgatgcgaaaatgtattctttcaaatgaaatgcatcccaaaaaagatatga
ttcgtgttgttgttaataaagaaggcgaaatctttgcggatgttactggaaagaaacaaggccgtggcgc
atatgtttctaaagatgttgctatggttgaaaaagcacaacaaaaagaaattttagaaaaatattttaaa
gcatctaaagagcaattggatcctgtttacaaagaaattattagattaatttatagagaagagatcccaa
aatgagtatag
>Potential gene 55:63062..63391, 330 bp
atgagtatagatcaaatattaaactttttaggattagcaatgagagctggtaaagtaaaaacaggtgaat
cagtcattgttaatgagattaaaaaaggaaatttgaagctcgttattgttgcaaatgatgcgtctgataa
tacagctaaattaattacagataaatgtaagagttacaaagttccattcagaaagtttggaaatcgaaat
gaattgggaatagcacttggaaaaggtgagcgtgttaatgtagggattactgacccaggctttgctaaaa
agttgctatcaatgatagatgaatatcataaggagtgattatatgagtaa
>Potential gene 56:63360..65501, 2142 bp
atgaatatcataaggagtgattatatgagtaaacaaagaatttacgaatatgcgaaagaattaaatctaa
agagtaaagagattatagatgagttaaaaagcatgaatattgaggtttcaaatcatatgcaagctttgga
agatgaccaaattaaagcattagataaaaagttcaaaaaagaacaaaagaacgacaataaacaaagcact
caaaataatcaccaaaaatcaaacaatcaaaaccaaaataaagggcaacaaaaagataacaaaaagaatc
aacaacaaaataataaaggcaacaaaggcaataaaaagaataatagaaataataagaaaaataacaagaa
taataaaccacaaaatcaaccagctgctccaaaagaaataccatcaaaagtgacatatcaagaaggtatt
acagtaggcgaatttgcggataaattaaatgttgaatcatcagaaattatcaaaaaattattcttacttg
gtattgttgctaatatcaatcaatcattaaatcaagaaacaatcgaattaattgccgatgattatggcgt
tgaggttgaagaagaagttgtgattaatgaagaagacttatcaatctatttcgaagacgaaaaagatgat
ccagaggcaattgagagaccagcagttgtaacaattatgggacatgttgaccatggtaaaacgactttat
tagattcaattcgtcatacaaaagttacagcaggtgaagcaggcggaatcactcaacatattggtgcata
tcaaattgaaaacgatggcaaaaaaatcactttcttagatacaccgggacatgctgcatttacaacgatg
cgtgcgcgtggtgcacaagtaacagatattactattttagtagtagcagctgacgatggtgttatgccac
aaacaattgaagcaattaaccatgctaaagaagcagaagtaccaattattgttgcagtaaataaaattga
taaaccaacttcaaatcctgatcgagttatgcaagaattaactgaatatggtttaattcctgaagattgg
ggcggcgaaacaattttcgttccactttctgcattaagtggtgatggtatcgacgatttattagaaatga
taggattagttgcagaagttcaagaacttaaagcaaatcctaaaaaccgtgctgttggtacagttatcga
agctgaattagataaatcacgtggtccttctgcatcattattagtacaaaacggtacattaaatgttggt
gatgcgattgtagttggtaatacttacggccgtatccgtgcaatggttaatgacttaggtcaaagaatca
aaacggctggtccatcaacgcctgttgaaattacaggtattaatgatgtgccacaagctggggatcgctt
tgttgtatttagtgatgaaaaacaagctcgtcgtattggtgaatcaagacacgaagctagcattatacaa
caacgtcaagaaagtaaaaatgtttcattagataacctgtttgaacaaatgaaacaaggtgaaatgaaag
atttaaacgttattattaaaggtgatgttcaaggttctgttgaagctttagctgcatcattaatgaaaat
tgatgttgaaggcgtaaatgttcgtatcattcatacagcggttggtgcaattaatgagtcagacgtgaca
cttgctaatgcctcaaatggtattatcattggtttcaatgttcgtccagacagtggtgcaaaacgtgctg
cagaagctgaaaatgttgatatgcgtttacacagagttatttataatgttatcgaagaaattgaatcagc
gatgaaaggtttacttgatccagaatttgaagaacaagttatcggacaagctgaagttcgtcaaacattc
aaagtttctaaagttggtactattgctggatgttatgttactgaaggtaaaattacgcgaaatgctggtg
tacgtattattcgtgatggtattgttcaatatgaaggcgaattagatacacttaaacgtttcaaagatga
tgctaaggaagttgcaaaaggttatgaatgtggtattacaattgaaaactacaatgaccttaaagaaggc
gatgttatcgaagcatttgaaatggttgaaattaagcgttaa
>Potential gene 57:65845..66237, 393 bp
atgcaaataacaattgaacttaaagataaagaggtgacaagaatgagcagtatgagagcagagcgtgttg
gtgaacaaatgaagaaggaattaatggatatcatcaacaataaagtcaaagatcctcgagttggttttat
tacaattacagatgttgttttaacaaatgatttatcgcaggctaaagtatttttaactgtattaggtaac
gataaagaagtagaaaatacatttaaagcacttgataaagcaaaaggcttcattaagtctgaattaggtt
ctagaatgcgattacgtattatgccggaattaatgtatgaatatgatcaatcaatcgaatatggtaataa
aattgaacgaatgattcaagatttacacaaacaagatagataa
>Potential gene 58:66349..67323, 975 bp
atgaataaatttagttgatacgctattaaaatatattttaaaaaagaaggtgactatatgtataatggga
tattaccagtatataaagagcgcggtttaacaagtcatgacgttgtattcaaattgcgtaaaatattaaa
aactaaaaaaataggtcacacgggtacgcttgatcccgaagttgcaggcgtgttaccggtatgtataggt
aatgcaacgagagttagtgattatgttatggatatgggcaaagcttatgaagcaactgtatcgataggaa
gaagtacaacgactgaagatcaaacgggtgatacattggaaacaaaaggtgtacactcagcagattttaa
taaggacgatattgaccgattgttagaaagttttaaaggtatcattgaacaaattccgccgatgtactca
tccgtcaaagtaaatggtaaaaaattatatgaatatgcgcgtaataatgaaacagttgaaagaccaaagc
gtaaagttaatattaaagacattgggcgtatatctgaattagattttaaagaaaatgagtgtcattttaa
aatacgcgtcatctgtggtaaaggtacatatattagaacgctagcaactgatattggtgtgaaattaggc
tttccggcacatatgtcgaaattaacacgaatcgagtctggtggatttgtgttgaaagatagccttacat
tagaacaaataaaagaacttcatgagcaggattcattgcaaaataaattgtttcctttagaatatggatt
aaagggtttgccaagcattaaaattaaagattcgcacataaaaaaacgtattttaaatgggcagaaattt
aataaaaatgaatttgataacaaaattaaagaccaaattgtatttattgatgatgattcagaaaaagtat
tagcaatttatatggtacaccctacaaaagaatcagaaattaaacctaaaaaagtctttaattaa
>Potential gene 59:67338..68309, 972 bp
atgaaagtcatagaagtgacacatcctatacaatctaaacagtatattacagaggatgttgcaatggcat
tcggatttttcgatggcatgcataaaggtcatgacaaagtctttgatatattaaacgaaatagctgaggc
acgcagtttaaaaaaagcggtgatgacatttgatccgcatccgtctgtcgtgttgaatcctaaaagaaaa
cgaacaacgtatttaacgccactttcagataaaatcgaaaaaattagccaacatgatattgattattgta
tagtggttaatttttcatctaggtttgctaatgtgagcgtagaagattttgttgaaaattatataattaa
aaataatgtaaaagaagtcattgctggttttgattttacttttggtaaatttggaaaaggtaatatgact
gtacttcaagaatatgatgcgtttaatacgacaattgtgagtaaacaagaaattgaaaatgaaaaaattt
ctacaacttctattcgtcaagatttaatcaatggtgagttgcaaaaagcgaatgatgctttaggctatat
atattctattaaaggcactgtagtgcaaggtgaaaaaaggggaagaactattggcttcccaacagctaac
attcaacctagtgatgattatttgttacctcgtaaaggtgtttatgctgttagtattgaaatcggcactg
aaaataaattatatcgaggggtagctaacataggtgtaaagccaacatttcatgatcctaacaaagcaga
agttgtcatcgaagtgaatatctttgactttgaggataatatttatggtgaacgagtgaccgtgaattgg
catcatttcttacgtcctgagattaaatttgatggtatcgacccattagttaaacaaatgaacgatgata
aatcgcgtgctaaatatttattagcagttgattttggtgatgaagtagcttataatatctag
>Potential gene 60:68424..68693, 270 bp
atggcaatttcacaagaacgtaaaaacgaaatcattaaagaataccgtgtacacgaaactgatactggtt
caccagaagtacaaatcgctgtacttactgcagaaatcaacgcagtaaacgaacacttacgtacacacaa
aaaagaccaccattcacgtcgtggattattaaaaatggtaggtcgtcgtagacatttattaaactactta
cgtagtaaagatattcaacgttaccgtgaattaattaaatcacttggtatccgtcgttaa
>Potential gene 61:69063..71159, 2097 bp
atgtctcaagaaaagaaagtttttaaaactgaatgggcaggaagatctttaacgattgaaacagggcaat
tagctaaacaagcaaatggcgctgtattggttcgttatggagatacagtcgtgttatcgacggcaactgc
atcaaaagaacctcgtgatggagatttcttcccattaacagtgaactatgaagaaaaaatgtacgctgcg
ggtaaaattcctggtggatttaaaaagagagaaggacgtcctggtgacgatgcaacattaactgcgcgat
taattgatagaccaattagacctttattccctaaaggatataagcatgatgttcaaattatgaacatggt
attaagtgcagatcctgattgttcaccacaaatggctgcaatgattggttcatctatggcgcttagtgtg
tcggatattccattccaagggccaatcgccggtgtaaatgtgggttatattgacggtaaatatatcatta
acccaacagtagaagaaaaagaagtttctcgtttagaccttgaagtagctggtcataaagatgcggtaaa
catggtagaggcaggcgctagtgagattactgaacaagaaatgttagaggcgattttctttggtcatgaa
gagattcaacgtttagttgatttccaacaacaaatcgtcgaccacattcaacctgttaaacaagaattta
ttccagcagagcgtgatgaagcgctagttgaacgtgtaaaatctttaaccgaagaaaaaggacttaaaga
aacagttttaacatttgataaacaacaacgagatgaaaatcttgataacttaaaagaagaaatcgtcaat
gaatttatcgatgaagaagatccagagaatgaattacttattaaagaagtttatgcaattttaaatgaat
tagtgaaagaagaagttcgacgtttaattgcagatgaaaaaattagaccagacggccgtaaacctgatga
aatccgtccattagattctgaagttggtattttacctagaacgcatggttcaggtctatttacacgtggt
cagactcaagcactttcagttttaacattaggtgctttaggcgattatcaattaattgatggtttaggac
ctgaagaagaaaaaagattcatgcatcattacaacttcccgaatttttcagtaggtgaaactggtccagt
acgtgcgccaggtcgtcgtgaaattggacatggtgcgttaggtgaaagagcattaaaatatattattcct
gatactgctgatttcccatatacaattcgtattgtaagtgaggtacttgaatcaaatggttcatcatctc
aagcgtcaatttgtggatcaacattagcattaatggatgcgggcgtaccgattaaagcaccagttgctgg
tattgctatgggccttgttacacgtgaagatagctatacgattttaactgatatccaaggtatggaagat
gcattaggtgatatggactttaaagtcgctggtactaaagaaggtattacagcaatccaaatggatatta
aaattgacggtttaacgcgtgaaattatcgaagaggctctagaacaagcgagacgtggtcgtttagaaat
aatgaatcatatgttacaaacaattgatcaaccacgtactgaattaagtgcttacgcgccaaaagttgta
actatgacaattaaaccagataagattagagatgttatcggacctggtggtaaaaaaattaacgaaatta
ttgatgaaacaggtgttaaattagatattgaacaagatggtactatctttattggtgctgttgatcaagc
tatgataaatcgtgctcgtgaaatcattgaggaaattacacgtgaagcggaagtaggtcaaacttatcaa
gccactgttaaacgtattgaaaaatacggtgcgtttgtaggcctattcccaggtaaagatgcgttgcttc
acatttcacaaatttcaaaaaatagaattgaaaaagtggaagatgtattaaaaatcggtgacacaattga
agttaagattactgaaattgataaacaaggtcgagtaaatgcttcacatagagcattagaagaataa
>Potential gene 62:71344..73068, 1725 bp
atgaatagtgagtttatatatggacgggtaacaaatttaggaggtaagattttgagtttaataaagaaaa
agaataaagatattcgcattataccattaggcggtgttggcgaaattgctaaaaatatgtatatcgttga
agtagacgatgaaatgtttatgttagatgctggacttatgtttccagaagacgaaatgctaggtattgat
attgttataccagacatttcatacgtacttgaaaataaagataaattgaagggtatattccttacacacg
gacatgagcacgcgattggtgcagtgagttatgttttagaacaattagatgcaccagtatatggatctaa
attgacaatagcgttaattaaagaaaatatgaaagcccgtaatattgataaaaaagttcgctactataca
gttaataatgattcaattatgagattcaaaaacgtgaatattagtttctttaatacgacacacagtattc
ctgatagtttaggtgtttgtattcacacttcatatggtgccattgtgtatacaggtgaatttaagtttga
ccaaagtttacatggacattatgcaccagatattaaacgtatggcagagattggtgaagaaggcgtattt
gtcttaatcagtgattctactgaggcagagaaacctggatataatactccggaaaatgtgattgaacatc
atatgtatgatgcttttgcaaaagtgcgaggtcgcttgatagtttcatgttatgcttcgaactttatacg
tattcagcaagttttaaatattgctagcaagctaaatcgtaaagtgtcatttttaggaagatcacttgaa
agttcatttaatattgctcgtaaaatggggtatttcgacattcctaaagatttgctaattcctataacag
aagttgataattatcctaaaaatgaagtgataattatagctactggtatgcaaggagaacctgtagaagc
cttaagtcaaatggcgcaacataagcataaaattatgaatatcgaagaaggcgattctgtatttttagca
attacggcttctgctaatatggaagttatcattgcgaatacattaaatgagcttgtacgtgctggcgcac
atattattccaaataacaaaaagattcatgcttcaagtcatggttgcatggaagaattaaaaatgatgat
taatattatgaaacctgaatactttattcctgtacaaggtgaatttaaaatgcagatagcacatgcgaag
ctagcagctgaagcaggtgttgcaccagaaaagattttccttgtggaaaaaggagatgtcattaattaca
acggtaaagatatgatattaaatgaaaaggtaaattcaggaaatattttaatagatggcattggtattgg
ggatgtaggaaatatcgtgttgagagaccgtcatcttttagcagaagatggtatctttattgctgttgta
acgttagatcctaaaaatagacgtatagctgcgggacctgaaattcaatctcgtgggtttgtatatgtac
gtgaaagtgaagacttattacgtgaagcagaagagaaagtacgtgaaatagtagaggctggtttacaaga
aaaacgcatagaatggtctgaaattaaacaaaatatgcgtgatcaaattagtaaactattattcgaaagt
acaaaacgtcgtcctatgattattccagtaatttctgaaatttaa
>Potential gene 63:73450..75693, 2244 bp
atggtgttgggtgttttccaattaggaataataggtcgtctaattgacagcttctttaattatttatttg
ggtacagtagatatttaacatatattttagtactcttagcaactggttttattacatactctaaacgtat
tcctaaaactagacgaacggctggttcgattgtattgcaaattgcattgctatttgtatcacagttagtt
tttcattttaatagtggtatcaaagctgaaagagaacctgtactttcttatgtgtatcagtcataccaac
acagtcatttcccaaattttggtggcggtgtattaggcttttatttattagagttaagcgtacctttaat
ttcattatttggtgtatgtattattactattttattattatgctcaagtgttattttattaacaaaccat
caacatcgtgaagttgcaaaagttgcactggaaaatataaaagcttggtttggttcatttaatgaaaaaa
tgtcggaaagaaaccaagaaaaacaattgaagcgtgaagaaaaagcaagacttaaagaagaacaaaaggc
acgtcaaaatgaacagccacaaataaaagatgtgagtgattttacggaagtgcctcaagaaagagatatt
ccaatttatgggcatactgaaaatgaaagtaaaagccagagtcaaccaagtcgaaaaaaacgagtgtttg
atgcagagaatagttcgaataacatcgtaaatcatcatcaagcagatcagcaagaacaattaacagaaca
aactcataacagtgttgaaagtgaaaacactattgaagaagctggtgaagttacgaatgtatcgtatgtt
gttccaccgttaactttacttaatcaacctgcaaaacaaaaagcaacatctaaagctgaagtgcaacgta
aaggacaagtactagagaatacattaaaagattttggggtaaatgcaaaagtgacacaaattaaaattgg
tcctgcagtaactcaatatgaaattcaaccagctcaaggggttaaagtgagtaaaattgtaaacttgcat
aatgatattgcattagctttagcagcaaaagatgttagaatcgaagcgccaatacctggtcgttctgcag
taggtattgaagtgccaaatgagaaaatttcattagtttcactaaaagaagttttagatgaaaaattccc
gtctaataataaactagaagttggattaggaagagatatatcaggtgatccaattactgttccactaaat
gaaatgccacacttattggtggcaggatcgacgggtagtggtaaatctgtttgtataaatggtattatta
caagtattttattaaatgctaagccgcatgaagttaaacttatgttaatcgatccgaaaatggttgaact
aaatgtttataacggaattccacacttattaattccggttgttacaaatcctcataaagctgctcaagct
ttagaaaaaattgtagctgagatggaaagacgttatgatttattccaacattcatcaactagaaacatta
aaggttataacgaattaatccgtaagcaaaatcaagaattagatgagaagcaaccagaattaccttatat
cgttgttattgtagatgagcttgcagatttaatgatggtagctggtaaagaagttgaaaatgcgattcaa
cgtattacacaaatggcacgtgcagcaggtatacatttaattgtagcgacacaaagaccttctgtggatg
taattacaggtatcattaaaaataatattccatctagaatagcttttgctgtgagttctcaaacagattc
aagaactattattggtactggcggcgcagaaaagttacttggtaaaggtgacatgttatacgttggaaat
ggtgactcatcacaaacacgtattcaaggggcgtttttaagtgaccaagaggtgcaagatgttgtaaatt
atgtagtagaacaacaacaggcaaattatgtaaaagaaatggaaccagatgcaccagtggataaatcgga
aatgaaaagtgaagatgctttatatgatgaagcgtatttgtttgttgttgaacaacaaaaggcaagtaca
tcattgttacaacgccaatttagaattggttataatagagcatctaggttgatggatgatttagaacgca
atcaggtaatcggtccacaaaaaggaagcaagcctagacaagttttaatagatcttaataatgacgaggt
gtaa
>Potential gene 64:75680..76411, 732 bp
atgacgaggtgtaaaaaaatgtcagaaatgaatgcggtatataacgttaaacaatacattttaaatttga
ttaagcaaaataaattggaatatggtgaccaacttccaagtaatttatcaattgccagagaattaaatgt
aaaaaccgacgatgtttatgaagcaattcaggcattgattactgaacaagtcattaaagataattttgaa
gagggcacaagtgttaagtcactgccccctttcttttatccattgaatgaacttataagtattgggcaaa
tgattaaaaatgcaggatttgaatgcggaactgaatacttaaattttgatgagcaaccagcaactatgtt
agatgcaaatttgttgagcgttgaagaaggatatccagtaaccattatagaacgattacgaactgccgat
ggagaaccggtcgtctattgtttagataaaattgctaaaaaagaattaacatgtacagagtatcaaatga
gcaatggatcgattctaagtgcgataaaagaacaaagtaatcataatatttgttatgctgatacagaaat
tgaagcggtaaattatgaacctcgaatatccgaagtactgaatgcttcgccacacgaaggtttgatttta
ttaaaaattacgcactataatgaatcagatgaacctattttgtattcattaaattatatgaaaaatagct
tagttcaatttaaaatcactagaaaaatatag
>Potential gene 65:76526..77707, 1182 bp
atggcacctttagaatatgacacaataacagctagatcattattaagcaaattattagttcgagcaacta
agaaatggccaaccgataagtcgtttaataatcacttagccgatttatatggtgcgtatgtgaatagtac
aatttcaaaattcaaagatcagcatgtcattacattttcattagaaattgttaatgaacgttatttaaga
aacggtgaatcattatttaatcaaggattagatttattacaagaaatcatttggaatccattaattgaaa
ataaagcattcaatgataattttgttaaccaagagaaaacattattagccaaaaaaatagaagcaatggt
agataataaagcacaatattcgtttttaaaattactcgaccatatgtttgaaaatgaagcatataaatac
ttatctacaggacaactagaacaaatcccacatattactgctgaaacactatatcatacatatcaatcaa
tgattaataatgatcaatgtactgtttatgttgtcggcaatgtagaacctgaaagtgttgagaaacaaat
acgtgaaaaatttgcacttaaaccattcgataaacatcaattccaacattctactcatcatttacacgat
gaagaagttgattatattgttgaatatgatgacgtggatcaagctaaattaaatatgggataccgttttc
caacacaatatggacaaagtggatatgctgcctttgttgtatttaacatgatgtttggaggagatccttc
atctgttttatttaatgaagtgcgagaaaagcaaagtttagcgtactctatacattcacaaattgatggc
aaaaatggctatttatttgttttgagtggggtttcaagtgataagtacgaaactgcaaaagacactatta
taagtgaatttgaaaaaataaaagcaggagatttcactgaagaaaaattagagttagctaaaaaagtaat
catttctcatcgatatgaatctgaagatcgtccgaaaagtattatagagattatgcataaccaaatatta
ttagagcaaccacaaagcaaagaaacatttataaatgatatacagaaggtaagtcgcgaagatattgttt
ctgttgctgaaaaagcatttttagatacaatctatgtgttgacaaaaggaggggataaataa
>Potential gene 66:77707..78993, 1287 bp
atgaaagagcgttattatgaattaatagacgaaagagtattcgaacaagaattagaaaatggtttacgat
tatttattatccccaaaccaggttttcaaaagacatttgtcacttacactacacaatttggttcattaga
taatcaattcaaaccccttggacaagaccaatttgttactgtacctgatggagttgctcactttttagaa
cataaattatttgaaaaagaagaagaagacttatttactgcgtttgctgaagataacgcacaagcaaatg
cgtttacaagctttgatcgtacaagctacttgttcagtgcaactgataatattgaaaacaacattaaacg
tttacttacaatggttgaaacgccttattttacaaaagaaactgttgataaagaaaaaggtattattgca
gaagaaataaaaatgtatcaagagcaacctggatataaattaatgtttgatacattgcgtgcaatgtatc
aacaacatccaatacgtgttgatattgccggtagtgtagaaagtatatacgatattacaaaagatgattt
gtatctatgttatgaaacgttttatcatccatcaaatatggttttatttgttgttggcgatgtggatcct
gaagcaatatgtcgaatagtaaaacaacacgaggatgctcgtaataaagttaaccaacccaaaatcgaac
gaggacttgttgatgaaccggaggatgttaaagaagcatttgttactgaatctatgaaaattcaatcacc
aagactaatgcttggttttaaaaataaaccattacaagaagcgcctcaaaaatatgtacaacgtgattta
gaaatgtcattattctttgagttaatttttggggaagaaacagatttttatcagaatttattaaacgaag
gacttatcgatgatacatttggttatcaatttgtactagagccgacgtatagtttttcaatcgtgacaag
tgctactgaagaaccagataaattaaaaaaattattattagatgagttgcgtgataaaaaaggcaatttc
caagatgcagaagcatttgaacttttgaaaaagcaatttataggtgaattcatatcaagtttaaactcac
ctgaatatattgctaatcaatatactaaattgtattttgaaggtgttagcgtgtttgacatgttagacat
tgttgaaaatatcacgttagatagtattaacgaaacgtcatcgttatatttaaatttagatcagcaagtc
gatagtcgtttggagattaaaaagtaa
>Potential gene 67:78993..79697, 705 bp
atgaaagcattagtattaggtggttctggttcaattggttctgagatagtcaaacaattattaactgatg
gatttgaagtttatgtgcaatattatcgtactgatataaatgaattaactagcaaatttaatgatgataa
agttcgttttatacaagcggatttatctcaaacaattgatattgacaaaacatttggtgacattaaatca
ttagactgtttaatatatgcaagtggtcagtctttatatggtgttttacaagatatgaaagaccatgata
ttgatgcatgttatcagttaaatgtcttgcaattaattcgattatgtagatatttcgttgatgttttacg
tcaaagtgccaatggaagaattattgtaatttcatcaatttggggtgagacaggagctagtatggaaact
atttattcggcgatgaaaagtgcacaattaggtttcgttaaggcgcttagtcaagagcttgcactaacat
cagtgacagtaaatgctatcgcacctggatttgtagccggtaatatggcaagtgagtggcaagaagatga
acttcaagcaatgataactgaattaccacaacagcgattggttttaccgagtgaggttgctcatacatgc
gcctatttatatcacccaaatgctagaagtgttactggaactatacagaaagttaatggtgcttggtata
tttaa
>Potential gene 68:79715..80629, 915 bp
atgagcaaatgtttttatgattgatgttataatatgaatattacaatgaatcataatttgttaattaaac
aaggggtgaggttcaccatgacagttgcagagaaaaaagaatggtacctagaatacgaaattgaaattaa
tagaccgggtcttttaggtgatgtatctagtttattaggtatgttaggtataagtattgttacaattaat
ggtgttgatcaaggtaaacgaggccttttaattaaaacagacaatcttgaaaaagttgaacgttttgagc
aaatagctcgtggtataaatgaaattgaaataacaaagcttaaaaaaccagaattaagagaccgtcttgc
agtaagacatggaagatatattgagcaagatgcaaaagataagaaaacctttcgatttgagcgtgaagat
ttaggcttgttagtagactttttagctgaattgttcaaagaagaaggtcataagttgattggcattagag
gtatgccacgggttggtaaaactgaatcaattgttgcgggaagtgtttgtgcacataagagatggttatt
tattagttctactttaataaaacaaactgtacgtagctctctaattaaaggggaatatgatgccaatcat
gtatacattattgatggtgcagttactgccagagaatctaatccaaaacatcaagagcttgttaacgaag
ttatgacgttaccatcaatcaaagtcgttgaacatccagatttatttgttgaaacaagtacttgtacaat
ggaagattttgactatattatcgaattgagagaaaatgaaaatcaagaaatacattacgaagaaatgaag
aaacagacagtccaaagtaagaataatttagattttggagatccgtttggtggtggttttggtttcttcg
agtaa
>Potential gene 69:80696..81040, 345 bp
atgactttaacagaattagagcaacgtactggaattaaacgtgaaatgctagtgcatattgaaaataatg
aattcgatcaactaccgaataaaaattacagcgaaggatttattagaaaatatgcaagcgtagtaaatat
tgaacctaaccaattaattcaagctcatcaagatgaaattccatcgaaccaagccgaatgggacgaagta
attacagttttcaataataataaagacttagattataagagtaaatcaaaagagccaatacaattattag
taatcatgggtattacagttttaataactttattgttatggatcatgttagttttaatattttaa
>Potential gene 70:81074..81652, 579 bp
atgaatattccgaaccagattacggtttttagagtagtgttaataccagtttttatattgtttgcgttag
ttgattttggatttggcaatgtgtcatttctaggaggatatgaaataagaattgagttattaatcagtgg
ttttatttttatattggcttcccttagcgattttgttgatggttatttagctagaaaatggaatttagtt
acaaatatggggaaatttttggatccattagcggataaattattagttgcaagtgctttaattgtacttg
tgcaactaggactaacaaattctgtagtagcaatcattattattgccagagaatttgccgtaactggttt
acgtttactacaaattgaacaaggattcgtaagtgcagctggtcaattaggtaaaattaaaacagcagtt
actatggtagcaattacttggttgttattaggtgatccattggcaacattgattggtttgtcattaggac
aaattttattatacattggcgttatttttactatcttatctggtattgaatacttttataaaggtagaga
tgtttttaaacaaaaataa
>Potential gene 71:81879..83030, 1152 bp
atgtcaattgccattattgctgtaggctcagaactattgctaggtcaaatcgctaataccaacggacaat
ttctatctaaagtatttaatgaaattggacaaaatgtattagaacataaagttattggagataataaaaa
acgtttagaatcaagtgtacgtcatgcgctagaaaaatatgatactgttattttaacaggtggcttaggt
cctacgaaagatgacttaacgaagcatacagtggcccagattgttggtaaagatttagttattgatgagc
cttctttaaaatatattgaaagctattttgaggaacaaggacaagaaatgacacctaataataaacaaca
ggctttagtaattgaaggttcaactgtattaacaaatcatcatggcatggctccaggaatgatggtgaat
tttgaaaacaaacaaattattttattaccaggtccaccgaaagaaatgcaaccaatggtgaaaaatgaat
tgttgtcacattttataaaccataatcgaattatacattctgaactattaagatttgcgggaataggtga
atctaaagtagaaacaatattaatagatcttatcgataaacagactaatcctacgattgcgcctttggcg
ggaagtcatgaagtatatattagattgactgcaaatgccgactcaaaagaacaagcacaatcattgattc
aacctgttaaacaagaaattcttgatcgtattggagaatattattatggttcagatgacacattaattga
gcaagctgtaataaagaaaattcatgaaccttttgtaatatatgatggtattactaatggtgctttatat
catcgattgaaagaagtggatttaaacgatgttctaaagggtatgattaatcacaatgaaaactttgttg
atattaataaacctattgagcagcaattaaaagatgcagtgcaatttgttaataaattgtttaatgtgtc
atcagcaattattctattagagtatgatggtgtagttcatataggctatgataataactttgaatttaaa
actgagcaatttaaaatgtctaaatctagaaatttattaaagaacagaagtcaaaattatgcgctcataa
gattattaaattggcttagaacaacaaattaa
>Potential gene 72:83240..84238, 999 bp
atggagaaatctttcggtaaaggtgccgtaatgaagttgggtgacaatataggtcgccgagtttcaacta
catcaactggttcagttacattagataatgcgctaggtgtaggtggctatcctaaaggacgaattattga
aatttatggtcctgaaagttctggtaagacaacagtagcgcttcacgctattgctgaagtacaaagtaat
ggcggggtggcagcatttatcgatgctgaacatgctttagatccagaatatgctcaagcattaggcgtag
atatcgataatttatatttatcgcaaccggatcatggtgaacaaggtcttgaaatcgccgaagcatttgt
tagaagtggtgcagttgatattgtagttgtagactcagttgctgctttaacacctaaagctgaaattgaa
ggagaaatgggagacactcacgttggtttacaagctcgtttaatgtcacaagcgttacgtaaactttcag
gtgctatttctaaatcaaatacaactgctattttcatcaaccaaattcgtgaaaaagttggtgttatgtt
cggtaatccagagactacaccaggtggacgtgcattaaaattctatagttcagtaagactagaagtacgt
cgtgcagaacagcttaaacaaggacaagaaattgtaggtaatagaactaaaattaaagtcgttaaaaata
aagtggcaccaccatttagagtagctgaagttgatattatgtatggacaaggtatttctaaagagggtga
acttattgatttaggtgttgaaaacgacatcgttgataaatcaggagcatggtattcttacaatggcgaa
cgaatgggtcaaggtaaggaaaatgttaaaatgtacttgaaagaaaatccacaaattaaagaagaaattg
atcgtaaattgagagaaaaattaggtatatctgatggtgatgttgaagaaacagaagatgcaccaaagtc
attatttgacgaagaatag
>Potential gene 73:84522..85313, 792 bp
atgccagttaaagtttcaagtgtgcggatgtttcgtccttctcgtccaatgattcgacctttcatctcat
cattaggtaagttaactactgataccgttgattcacttgtgtgatctgctgctaatctttgtactgctgt
agctaataattcttttgctgttttatcaactttttctttagcttctttttctttttctttaacaagtact
gcaatatcttgtgacagttcttcctctactctttgaagttgctcattaatagcttcttcttgagtgagac
cggagatgcgttctaattcttgttcatgcttcattattaacgtttgaacactactctcttttgcatctac
ttgttgttgtttttcttcaatttttgattctttttgctctaaaatctcatcttttttatctaatagatca
gatttgcgctctaagttttcttctttttgaagaagtcgggtttcttgtctttgaagttcgctacgtcttt
ctcgtagttctgcttcagtttgttctcttaggatttggttttcttcttttgcctcaagtaatttctcttt
tttgatattgtcagcttctttatgtgcttgatttacaatatcttcggcagtttgtctagcttgtgattgc
ttttgaagcaacaaatttcgggcaacaacataccctccaacaactcctagaatgatccccagcaaaatga
gtaggaggcttaataaattcacacaaacacctccttttctagggtttgctctttatatgaaattcaatat
gactttatgaaattatatataa
>Potential gene 74:85000..86151, 1152 bp
atgaagcatgaacaagaattagaacgcatctccggtctcactcaagaagaagctattaatgagcaacttc
aaagagtagaggaagaactgtcacaagatattgcagtacttgttaaagaaaaagaaaaagaagctaaaga
aaaagttgataaaacagcaaaagaattattagctacagcagtacaaagattagcagcagatcacacaagt
gaatcaacggtatcagtagttaacttacctaatgatgagatgaaaggtcgaatcattggacgagaaggac
gaaacatccgcacacttgaaactttaactggcattgatttaattattgatgacacaccagaagcggttat
attatctggttttgatccaataagaagagaaattgctagaacagcacttgttaacttagtatctgatgga
cgtattcatccaggtagaattgaagatatggtcgaaaaagctagaaaagaagtagacgatattattagag
aagcaggtgaacaagctacatttgaagtgaacgcacataatatgcatcctgacttagtaaaaattgtagg
gcgtttaaactatcgtacgagttacggtcaaaatgtacttaaacattcaattgaagttgcgcatcttgct
agtatgttagctgctgagctaggcgaagatgagacattagcgaaacgagctggacttttacatgatgttg
gtaaagcaattgatcatgaagtggaaggtagtcatgttgaaatcggtgtagaattagcgaaaaaatatgg
tgaaaatgaaacagttattaatgcaatccattctcatcatggtgatgttgaacctacatctattatatct
atccttgttgctgctgcagatgcattgtctgcggctcgtccaggtgcaagaaaagaaacattagagaatt
atattcgtcgattagaacgtttagaaacgttatcagaaagttatgatggtgtagaaaaagcatttgcgat
tcaggcaggtagagaaatccgagtgattgtatctcctgaagaaattgatgatttaaaatcttatcgattg
gctagagatattaaaaatcagattgaagatgaattacaatatcctggtcatatcaaggtgacagttgttc
gagagactagagcagtagaatatgcgaaataa
>Potential gene 75:86448..86663, 216 bp
atgtctattaatattgatccagaaaaatttgcagaattagtggttatgtctaacccatcaaaattcgaag
atgcagaggatatagctaaagaaagtttaaagctttacattaatgcatatcgtttagcagagagatattc
aacaattgcaacaaattgttatgatactgcagaagttataaaagaattaaagaaaacagatttacaatta
aaataa
>Potential gene 76:86837..87634, 798 bp
atgagaataatgtttataggggatatcgtaggtaaaattggacgagacgcaattgaaacgtacatacctc
aactgaagcaaaagtataaaccaacagttacaattgtaaatgctgaaaatgcagcacatggtaaaggttt
gactgaaaaaatatataaacaattactaagaaatggtgtagatttcatgactatgggtaatcacacatat
ggtcaacgtgaaatttatgattttatagatgaagcaaaacgactagtaagaccagcgaattttccggatg
aagcgccgggaattggtatgagatttatacaaattaatgatattaaacttgcagttattaatctgcaagg
aagagcgtttatgccagatattgatgatccttttaaaaaggcagatcaattagtcaaggaagcacaagaa
caaactccgtttatatttgttgattttcatgcagaaacaacttctgaaaagtatgcaatgggatggcatt
tagatggtagagctagcgctgttgttggaacgcatacacacattcaaacagcagatgaacgtattttacc
aaaggggacagggtatataacggatgttggtatgacaggtttttatgatggcattttaggaataaataaa
acagaggtaattgagcgttttatcactagtttgccacaaagacatgttgttccaaatgaaggtagaagtg
tattatctggtgttgttattgatttagacaaagaaggtaaaacaaagcacatcgaacgtatattgataaa
tgatgaccatccattttcaacattttaa
>Potential gene 77:87744..89534, 1791 bp
atgaaatatatccataggaggcatataactatgaaaccacaattatcgtggaaagttggcggtcaacaag
gcgaaggtattgaatcaactggggaaatcttcgctacggctatgaatagaaaaggatattatttatatgg
atatagacatttttcaagtcgtatcaaaggtggacatacgaataataaaattagagtttctacgacgcct
gttcatgcaattagtgatgatttagatattttgattgcatttgaccaagaaacaattgatgttaaccatc
atgaaatgagagaagacagtattattttagctgatgccaaggctaaacctgtgaaaccagaaggatgtca
tgcacagcttattgaattaccttttacagcaaccgctaaagaattaggtacagcattaatgaaaaacatg
gttgcaataggtgctactagcgcattgatgaatttgaatacaaatacatttgaagaacttattactaata
tgttttctaaaaaaggtgacaaggtagttgaagtcaatatccaagcattaaacgaaggttatcaattaat
gcaatctcgcttacctgaaatctacggggactttgaattagagtcaacagatgcactaccacatctatat
atgattggtaacgatgccattggattaggtgcaattgctgcaggttcacaatttatggcggcatatccta
ttacacctgcgtctgaagttatggaatatatgattgccaatatatctaaagtaaacggagcggttattca
aacagaagatgaaattgctgctgtaactatggctattggtgcaaattatggtggagtcagagcgtttacg
gctagtgctggtccaggtttatctttaatgatggaagcaattggattatctggtatgactgaaacgccat
tagtcattattaatacccaacgaggtggaccttctactggattacctacgaaacaagaacagtcagattt
aatgcaaatgatttatggtacacatggtgatattccaaaaattgttgtagcaccaacagatgcagaagat
gcattttatttaactatggaagcatttaatttagcagaacaatatcaatgccctgttatagttctaagtg
atttgcaattatctttaggtaaacaaactgttgaaaaattagattataatcgtattgaaattaaacgtgg
tgaaatcattcaatctgatattgaacgtgaagaagatgataaaggttatttcaagcgttatgcgttaaca
tccgatggtgtttctcctagacctatccccggtgttaaaggaggtattcatcatataactggtgtggaac
acaatgaagaaggtaaacctagtgaatctgcgtcaaatagacaacaacaaatggaaaaacgaatgcgtaa
aattgagcagttactaattgaatcgccagtagaagctaacttacaacatgaggatgcagatattctttat
atcggttttatttctacaaaaggtgcaattcaagaaggtagtaaccgtttgaatcaacaaggcataaaag
ttaacactatacaaattagacaattgcatccattcccaacaagcgttattcaagatgcagttaataaagc
gaagaaagtcgttgtagtggagcacaattatcaaggacaattggctagtattataaaaatgaatgtcaat
attcatgataagattgaaaattatacaaagtatgatgggacacctttcctaccacatgaaatcgaagaaa
aaggcaaaataattgctactgaaataaaggagatggtatag
>Potential gene 78:89535..90401, 867 bp
atggcgacatttaaagattttagaaataatgttaagcctaactggtgccccggatgtggcgatttctcag
tacaagctgcaattcaaaaagcagccgcaaatatagggttagaacctgaagaagtagctatcatcaccgg
tataggatgttctggccgtctttcaggatatattaattcttatggcgttcattctattcacggacgtgca
ttacctttagctcaaggtgtaaaaatggcgaataaagatttaactgttattgcatcgggaggagatggtg
atggttatgctataggtatggggcatacaatccatgctttaagaagaaatatgaacatgacgtatatagt
catggataatcaaatttatggtttgacaaagggacaaacatcgccgtcatcagcagtaggatttgttact
aaaacaacgccaaaaggtaatatagaaaaaaatgttgcgcctttagaattagcattatcatctggtgcca
catttgtagcccaaggtttttcaagcgatattaaaggattaacaaaactaattgaagatgcaattaatca
tgatggattttcattcgttaatgtcttttcaccatgtgtgacttataataaaattaacacatacgattgg
tttaaagaacatttaacaagtgttgatgacattgaaaattatgattctacagataaacaattagcgacta
aaactgttattgaacatgaatctttagtaactggtattgtttatcaagataaagaaacaccatcatatga
atctcaaattaaagagttagatgatacaccacttgctaaaagagatatcaaaattactgaagacaccttc
aatgcattaactgaacaatttatttaa
>Potential gene 79:90447..90788, 342 bp
atgctactcagttttttactattacaaaaaataaaggagtttttaaaaatgaaagacacattaatgagta
tacaaataattcctaaaacaccaaacaatgacaatgttataccttacgtagacgaggcgattaaaataat
tgacgaatctggtttgcattttagagtaggtccgttagaaacgacagtacaaggaaatatgaatgaatgt
ttaattttaatacaatcattaaatgaacgaatggtggaacttgaatgtccaagtattattagccaagtta
agttttatcatgtgccagatggcatcactattgaaactttaactgaaaaatatgatgaataa
>Potential gene 80:91111..92466, 1356 bp
atggggaacgagcgtacatttttaattaaaacatatggatgtcaaatgaatgcacatgacactgaggtca
ttgctggtatacttgaagcattaggctatcaagcaacgactgatattaacactgcagatgttattttaat
taatacatgtgcgattagagaaaatgccgagaacaaagtgtttagtgaaataggtaatttgaagcatttg
aaaaaagaacgacctgatattttaatcggtgtttgtggttgtatgtcacaagaagagtcagtagtgaata
aaattttaaaatcgtatcaaaatgtagatatgatatttggtacacataatattcatcatttaccagaaat
tttagaagaagcatacttatctaaagcaatggttgttgaagtatggtctaaagaaggagacgttattgaa
aatcttccaaaagtccgtgaaggcaacattaaagcatgggtcaatattatgtatggttgtgataagtttt
gtacatattgtattgttccatttacaagaggtaaagaacgaagccgtagacctgaagacattatagatga
agtacgtgaacttgctcgtgaaggttacaaagaaataacgcttttaggtcaaaatgtaaattcttatggt
aaagatttacaggatatagaatatgacttaggagatcttttacaagcaatttctaaaatagcgattccaa
gagttcgtttcacaacaagtcatccttgggactttacagatcacatgattgatgttatttcagagggtgg
taatatcgttccgcatatccacttgccagttcaatctggaaataatgcagtattaaaaataatgggtaga
aaatatacacgagaaagttatttggatttagtaaaacgaatcaaagatagaattcctaatgtagcattaa
ctacagatattattgtagggtatccaaatgaatcagaggaacaatttgaagaaactttaactctgtatga
tgaagttggttttgaacatgcatatacgtacttgtattcacaacgtgatggtacgcctgctgctaaaatg
aaagataatgtacctttaaatgtcaaaaaggaacgattgcaacgtttgaataaaaaagttggtcattatt
cacaaatagctatgagtaagtacgaaggacaaactgtaacagtactttgtgaaggaagtagtaaaaaaga
tgatcaggttcttgctggctacactgataaaaataagctagttaatttcaaagcgcctaaagaaatgatt
ggtaaactagtggaagtacgaatagatgaagctaaacagtattcattaaatggcagttttataaaggaag
tagagccggaaatggtgattcaataa
>Potential gene 81:92467..92832, 366 bp
atgtataataaagatgacgtgttgaaccaagcggataatattgcaaataaaattaaaaatttggatacta
tcaaaacatatcaacaaattgaagcacagattcatcagaaccaaacgataaagactaaaatggatatgtt
aaaaaagcatcaaaaacaagcagtaaactttcaaaattacgggaaacaaaatgcgctagaacagtcggaa
cataccattcagagtatagaagcagaaataaatacattgcccatagttgaacagtttcaaacttcacaat
atgaagcgaatcaattattgaaaatgtttgtatcaacaatggaaacacgtttaaatgaccataataaagc
caagcatagtgattaa
>Potential gene 82:92859..93350, 492 bp
atgaaatcaagaaaactggctataactgcacttttaattgcaataaatgttgtattaagcagtattatca
tcattcctctaggaccagttaaggcagcaccagtacagcattttgtaaatgtattaagtgcggtcatagt
aggtccttggtatggattagctcaagcgcttatatcatcaattttaagagttctttttggtactggtaca
gcttttgcatttccgggtagtatgattggagttttattggctagtatgttttacatatatcgtaaacata
tatttatggccgcggtcggtgaagtacttggaactggtgtcatcggaagtttaatttgtataccattagc
atatttccttgggcttcaagacttcttcattaaaccgttaatgattacgttcatagtctcaagtgctatc
ggatctattataagttatttcttattaattactctaaaaaaacgtggtattcttcaaaggtttataaaat
aa
>Potential gene 83:93653..96271, 2619 bp
atgtctaatgttacaccaatgatgcagcaatatttaaaaataaaatcagaataccaagattgcttattat
tttttagactaggtgatttctatgaaatgttttatgaagatgccaaggaggcatcacgtgtacttgaaat
tactttaactaaaagagatgctaaaaaagaaaatccaattccgatgtgtggtgttccgtatcattctgca
gatagttatatagatacacttgttaataatggatataaagtagctatttgtgaacagatggaagatccga
aacaaacgaaaggtatggttagacgtgaggtagtaagaattgtgactccaggaactgtgatggagcaagg
tggtgtagatgataaacaaaataactatattttaagttttgttatgaatcaacctgaaattgcgcttagt
tactgtgatgtttctactggcgaattaaaggttacacattttaatgatgaagcgactttattaaatgaaa
ttacgacgataaaccctaacgaagttgttatcaatgacaatatttccgataatttaaaaagacaaattaa
tatggtgacagaaacaataacagtcagggaaacgttatcatcagaaatctatagtgtgaatcaaactgaa
cataaattaatgtatcaagcgacacaattattgctagattatattcatcatacacaaaaacgtgatttat
cgcatatcgaggatgttgttcaatatgcagctatagattatatgaaaatggatttttatgctaagagaaa
ccttgagttaacggaaagcattcgattaaaatcaaaaaaaggaacgctactttggctaatggacgaaacg
aaaacaccaatgggagcacgccgcttaaaacaatggatagatagaccactaataagtaaagaacaaattg
aagcacgattagatatcgttgatgaatttagtgctcatttcatagaaagagacaccttaagaacatatct
taatcaagtgtatgatattgaacgtcttgttgggcgtgttagttacggaaatgttaatgcgagagattta
attcaacttaaacattccatttctgaaataccgaatattaaagcattactaaattctatgaatcagaata
ctcttgtacaagttaatcaactagaaccccttgatgatttacttgatatattagaacagagtttagtaga
agaaccaccaatttcagttaaagatggcggactattcaaagttggttttaatacgcaattagatgaatat
cttgaagcttcaaaaaacggaaaaacatggttagcagaattacaagccaaagaaagacaacgtacaggaa
taaaatcattgaaaataagctttaataaagtgtttggttattttatagaaataacacgtgccaacttgca
aaattttgaaccaagtgaatttggttatatgaggaagcaaacgttatcgaatgctgaacgttttataact
gatgaacttaaagaaaaagaagatatcattttaggtgcggaagacaaagccatcgaattagaatatcaat
tatttgttcagctacgtgaagaagttaaaaaatatactgaacgtttacaacaacaagctaaaattatttc
agagctagattgtttacagagctttgcagaaattgctcaaaaatataattacactaggccttcatttagt
gaaaataaaacattagaattagtggaatctaggcacccagtagtggaaagagtaatggattataatgact
atgtgcctaataattgtcgattagataatgaaacatttatatatttaattacaggtccgaatatgtctgg
taaatcgacatatatgagacaagttgccataattagtataatggcccaaatgggagcttatgtcccttgt
aaagaggcagtgttacctatatttgatcaaatattcactagaataggtgcggcagatgatttggtttcag
gtaagagtacgtttatggtagaaatgctagaagcacaaaaggcattaacttatgcaacagaggatagttt
gattattttcgatgaaattggacgtggtacttcaacgtatgacggtttagctttagcgcaggcaatgata
gagtatgtagctgaaacatcacatgctaaaacgttattttcaacacattatcatgaattgacaacattag
atcaagcattaccaagtctaaaaaatgttcacgtcgctgctaatgaatataaaggtgaacttatattctt
gcataaagtcaaagatggtgcagttgacgatagttatggtattcaagttgcgaaattagctgatttacct
gaaaaagttattagcagagcacaagtgattctaagcgagtttgaagcgtctgctggtaaaaaatcatcga
tatcaaatttaaaaatggtcgaaaatgaacctgaaattaatcaagaaaatttaaacttaagtgttgaaga
aacaactgatactttatctcaaaaagactttgaacaagcatcatttgatttgtttgaaaatgatcaagaa
agcgagattgaactacaaattaaaaatttgaatttatctaatatgacaccaattgaggcattggtgaagt
taagtgaattacaaaatcaattaaaatag
>Potential gene 84:96284..98293, 2010 bp
atggggaaaattaaagaactccaaacctcattagcaaataaaatcgcagcaggtgaagtagttgaaagac
cgagttctgttgtgaaagaactgttggaaaatgctatagatgcaggcgctacagaaataagcattgaagt
agaggaatctggcgtccaatctattcgcgtagtcgataatggaagcggaattgaagcggaagacttagga
ttagtatttcatagacatgcgactagtaaattagatcaagatgaagatttatttcatattaggacattag
gattccgtggtgaagcactagccagtatttcatcagttgctaaagtaacattgaagacttgcacggataa
tgctaatggaaatgaaatatatgtagaaaatggtgaaatattaaatcataagcctgcaaaagcgaaaaaa
ggaacagatatacttgtagaatcattattttataatacaccagcacgtttaaaatatattaaaagtttat
acactgaactaggtaaaataacagatattgtcaacagaatggcaatgagccatccggacattcgaatagc
actcatttcagatggcaaaacaatgttaagtacaaatggttcaggacgaactaatgaagtgatggcagag
atttatgggatgaaagttgcacgagatttagtacatatatctggagatacaagtgattatcacattgaag
gttttgttgcaaagcctgaacattctagaagtaataagcactatatttctatttttattaatggacgata
cattaaaaactttatgctaaataaagcgattttagaaggctatcatacactcttaacaataggtaggttc
ccgatttgttatattaatattgaaatggatccaatcttagtagacgtaaatgttcatccaacaaaactag
aagtgcgtttatcaaaagaagagcaactataccaattgattgtgagcaaaatacaagaagcatttaaaga
ccgtatattaattcctaaaaataacttggattatgtgccaaaaaaaaataaagtattacattcattcgaa
caacaaaaaatcgaatttgaacaaagacaaaacacagagaataaccaagagaagacgttttcatctgaag
aaagtaacagtaagccatttatggaagaaaatcaaaacgatgagatagttataaaagaagattcatataa
tccattcgtaacgaaaacatctgaaagtttaatagctgatgatgaatcttctggttataataatacacgt
gaaaaagatgaagactacttcaaaaaacaacaagaaattttacaagaaatggatcaaacatttgattcaa
atgatggtacaactgtgcaaaattatgagaataaagcgtctgatgattattatgatgtaaacgatattaa
aggaacaaaaagtaaagaccctaaacgaagaattccatatatggaaattgttggacaagtacatggaacg
tatattattgctcaaaatgaatttggcatgtacatgattgaccagcatgcagctcaagaaagaataaaat
atgaatattttcgagataaaataggtgaggttaccaatgaagtacaagatttattaatcccgttaacatt
tcatttttcaaaagatgaacaattagtcattgatcaatataaaaatgagcttcaacaagtaggtatcatg
ttagaacattttggtggtcatgattatattgtaagtagctatccagtttggttccctaaagatgaagtag
aagaaattattaaagatatgattgagctaattttggaagagaaaaaagtagatatcaaaaaattacgtga
agatgtagcaatcatgatgtcatgtaaaaaatccattaaagcgaatcattatttacaaaaacatgaaatg
tctgatttaattgatcaattaagagaagcggaagatccatttacatgtccacatggtcgtccaataatca
ttaatttttcaaaatacgaattagaaaaattatttaagcgtgtgatgtag
>Potential gene 85:98299..98841, 543 bp
atgaatcaagtgaataacaacatattgcctgctataagaaacattaaagatttagagaaactgattaaaa
cagactataaaatgtgtgtgcttctagatatgcatataggacatataaaaagtattatggaattgctgaa
gcaaaatcatatagagtgttttattcatatagatttgataaaaggtttaagccacgatgaatttgcaagt
gaatttattattcagcaatacaagccaaaaggtatcgtatcgactaaatctaaagtaataaaaaaagcta
aatcattaaatactttaacgatttttagagtatttattattgatagtcaagcattgaaacgcagtataga
tttgataaaaaaagttgaacctgattttgttgaagtacttccaggtgttgcgagtaaagcgattcatcat
attcagaaagaaacaaacacacaagtcattgcaggtggcctaattaatacaatagatgaagtcaatgaag
ctgttaaaaatggagcgaaatatgtaactactagttatgataaactttggtaa
>Potential gene 86:98823..98987, 165 bp
atgattttaatcgttttagaggtgctaattattttatttgattattttttgtttgatacctactgcatat
cccatatgaaaacggcttttttattatgttatatgactaaatctcgtgaaaaatgaaatttttgcagact
tatgatttaccaaagtttatcataa
>Potential gene 87:99306..100124, 819 bp
atgaatgtatatttagcagaattcctaggaactgcaatcttaatcctttttggtggtggcgtttgtgcca
atgtcaatttaaagagaagtgctgcgaatggtgctgattggattgtcatcacagctggatggggattagc
ggttacaatgggtgtgtttgctgtcggtcaattctcaggtgcacatttaaacccagcggtgtctttagct
cttgcattagacggaagttttgattggtcattagttcctggttatattgttgctcaaatgttaggtgcaa
ttgtcggagcaacaattgtatggttaatgtacttgccacattggaaagcgacagaagaagctggcgcgaa
attaggtgttttctctacagcaccggctattaagaattactttgccaactttttaagtgagattatcgga
acaatggcattaactttaggtattttatttatcggtgtaaacaaaattgccgatggtttaaatcctttaa
ttgtcggagcattaattgttgcaatcggattaagtttaggcggtgctactggttatgcaatcaacccagc
acgtgatttaggtccgagaattgcacatgcgattttaccaatagctggtaaaggtggttcaaattggtca
tatgcaatcgttcctatcttaggaccaattgccggtggtttattaggtgcagtggtatacgctgtatttt
ataaacatacatttaatattggttgtgcaattgcaattgttgtagttattattactttgattttaggtta
cattttaaataaatcatcaaaaaaaggtgatatcgaatcaatttactaa
>Potential gene 88:100157..101749, 1593 bp
atgtttgattcatggattatgctattttttcgccaaaatttaacagattttgtacaatgggttagcgatt
attttttaataaaggagatactactaatggaaaaatatattttatctatagaccaaggaacaacaagctc
aagagcgattttattcaatcaaaaaggggaaattgcaggggtagcacaacgtgagtttaagcaatatttt
ccacaatcaggttgggttgaacatgatgcaaatgaaatttggacatctgtgttagctgtaatgacggaag
taattaatgaaaatgatgttagagctgatcaaattgcaggtatcggtattacaaaccaacgtgaaacaac
ggttgtttgggacaaacatactggccgcccaatttatcacgcaattgtttggcaatcacgtcaaacacaa
tcaatttgttcagaattaaaacaacaaggatatgaacaaacatttagagataagacaggattacttttag
atccgtattttgcaggtacaaaagttaaatggattctagacaatgttgaaggtgcacgagaaaaagcaga
aaatggcgatctattatttggaacgattgatacttggttagtatggaaattatcaggaaaagctgcgcat
attactgattattcaaatgcgagtcgtacattaatgtttaatatccatgatttagaatgggacgatgagt
tattagaactacttacagtacctaaaaatatgttgccagaagttaaagcttcgagtgaagtatatggtaa
gacaattgattaccacttctatggtcaagaagtaccaatcgctggagtagctggtgatcaacaagcagca
ttatttggacaagcttgcttcgaacgtggtgacgtgaaaaacacatatggaactggtggcttcatgttaa
tgaatacaggtgacaaagcggttaaatctgaaagtggtttattaacaacaattgcttatggtattgatgg
aaaagtaaattatgcgcttgaaggttccatctttgtttcgggttcagcaatccaatggttacgtgatgga
ttaagaatgattaattcagcaccacaatcagaaagttatgcgacacgagttgactctactgagggtgttt
atgttgttccagcttttgtaggtttaggaacaccatattgggattctgaagcacgtggtgcgattttcgg
tttaacacgtggaactgaaaaagagcactttatccgtgcaactttagaatcactatgttaccaaactcgt
gacgttatggaagcaatgtcaaaagactctggtattgatgtccaaagtttacgtgtcgatggtggtgcag
ttaaaaataactttattatgcagttccaagcagacattgttaatacttctgttgaaagacctgaaattca
agaaactacagctttaggtgctgcatttttagcaggtttagcagttggattctgggagagtaaagatgat
atcgctaaaaactggaaattagaagaaaaattcgatccgaaaatggatgaaggcgaaagagaaaaattat
atagaggttggaaaaaagctgttgaagcaacacaagtttttaaaacagaataa
>Potential gene 89:101859..103580, 1722 bp
atgtgggacaagtctctcgtttttacattttttaggaggcgttttggaatggcattgtctacttttaaga
gagaacatattaaaaagaatttaagaaatgatgaatatgatttagtaattattggtggcggtattacagg
tgcaggtattgcactagacgcgagtgaaagaggaatgaaagttgcattagttgaaatgcaagactttgca
caaggaacaagctcaagatctacaaaattagtccatggtggtttgcgttacttaaaacaattccaaattg
gagtagttgccgaaactggtaaagaacgtgcgattgtttatgaaaatgggcctcatgttacgactccaga
gtggatgcttttaccaatgcataaaggtggaacatttggtaaattctcaacatcaattggtttaggaatg
tatgatcgtttagcaggtgttaagaagtctgaacgtaaaaaaatgttatctaaaaaagaaactttagcta
aagaaccattagttaaaaaagaaggtctaaaaggcggcggttactatgttgaatatcgtactgacgatgc
gcgtttaactattgaagttatgaagcgtgctgctgaaaaaggcgcagaaattatcaactatactaaatct
gaacacttcacttatgataaaaatcaacaagtaaatggtgttaaagttatagataaattaactaatgaaa
attatacaattaaggctaaaaaagtggttaatgcagcaggtccatgggttgatgatgttagaagtggtga
ttatgcacgcaataataaaaaattacgtttaactaaaggtgtacatgttgttattgatcaatcaaaattc
ccattaggtcaagcagtatactttgatactgaaaaagatggaagaatgatttttgcaattccacgtgaag
gaaaagcgtatgtaggtactacagatacattctatgacaatatcaaatcttcaccattaactacacaaga
agacagagactatttaatcgatgcgattaattacatgttccctagtgttaatgttacagatgaagatatt
gaatcaacatgggcaggaattagaccattaatttacgaagaaggcaaagacccttctgaaatctctcgta
aggatgaaatttgggaaggtaaatcaggtttattaactattgcaggtggtaaattaacaggctatcgtca
catggctcaagacattgttgatttagtatctaaacgcttgaaaaaagactacggtttaacatttagtcca
tgtaatacaaaaggtctggcaatttcaggtggcgatgtaggtggtagcaagaactttgatgcgtttgtag
agcaaaaagtagatgtagctaaaggattcggcattgatgaagatgttgcaagacgtttagcatctaaata
tggttcaaatgttgatgaattgttcaacattgcgcaaacatctcaataccatgatagcaagttaccatta
gaaatttatgtagaacttgtttatagtattcaacaagaaatggtatacaaacctaacgatttcttagttc
gtcgttctggtaaaatgtatttcaatattaaagatgtattagattataaagatgctgtcatcgatattat
ggcagatatgcttgattactctccagctcaaattgaagcatatactgaagaagttgagcaagcaattaaa
gaagcgcaacatggaaataatcaaccagcagttaaagaataa
>Potential gene 90:103727..104644, 918 bp
atgatgactgaaaaacaatttaaattaactgtacaagataatacgaatattgaagttaaagtgaatttta
cagatgtagattcaaaaggaattattcatatatttcatggtatggctgaacatatggaacgttacgataa
attagcacatgcactttcaaagcatggcttcgatgtgatacgtcataatcatcgaggacatggtattaat
attgatgaatcaacaagagggcattacgatgatatgaaacgagttatcggtgatgcctttgaagtagcgc
aaacagtgagaggcaatgttgataaaccatacattataatcggacattcaatgggatccgttatagctag
attgtttgtagaaacatatccgcaatatgttgatggtctaattttaagtggtactggtatgtattcatta
tggaaaggtttaccaaccgttaaagtgttacaactgattacaaaaatttatggtgctgagaaacgagttg
aatgggttaaccagttagtatcaaatagttttaataaaaaaatacgtccattacgtacacaaagtgattg
gatttctagtaatccaattgaagtagataactttattaaagatccatatagtggatttaatgtgtcaaat
caattattatatcaaacagcctattatatgctacatacatcacaattaaaaaatatgaaaatgttaaatc
atgccatgcctatattattagtttcaggatatgacgatcctttaggtgattatggtaaagggattttaaa
attggcgaatatatatagaaaagctggcattaaaaatgttaaagtgaatctttatcatcataaacgtcat
gaagtgttatttgaaaaagatcatgacaaaatttgggaagacttgtttaaatggttgaatcaattttata
aaaaataa
>Potential gene 91:104662..105597, 936 bp
atgaataaaaataagccttttattgtagtaattgtggggccaactgcttcaggtaaaacagagcttagca
tcgaactcgcgaagcgtatcaatggtgaaatcataagcggtgactctatgcaagtctacaaacatatgaa
tattggaactgcaaaagtaacacctgaagaaatggatggtattccacatcatttaattgatatcttgaat
cctgatgatacattttcagcatatgaattcaagcgattagcagaagatttaattactgatataacgaata
gaggtaaagttccaatcatagcaggtggaacaggcttatatattcaatcattaatatataattatgaatt
agaagatgaaacagttacacctgcacaattatccatagttaaacaaaagttatctgcattagaacattta
gataatcagcaactacacgattatttagctcaatttgatgcggtttctgcagaaaatattcaccctaaca
accgccaaagagtgttgcgcgctattgaatattatttaaaaacaaaaaaacttttgagtaatcgcaagaa
agtgcaacaatttactgaaaattatgatacattattattagggattgaaatgtcgcgtaaaacattatat
tcaagaataaataaacgtgttgatattatgttggatcacggattatttagagaagtgcaacaacttgttg
aacaaggctatgaatcttgccaaagtatgcaagctattggatataaagaattaatacctgtgattaacgg
acaaatgatttatgaagatgctgtcaatgatttaaagcaacattcacgccaatatgcaaaacgacaaatg
acatggttcaagaataaaatgagtgttcattggttagataaagaaaatatgtcacttcaaatgatgttag
atgagattacaacccagattaagtaa
>Potential gene 92:105612..105845, 234 bp
atgattgcaaacgaaaacatccaagacaaagcactagagaattttaaagcaaaccaaactgaagtaactg
tattctttctaaacggtttccaaatgaaaggtgttattgaagaatacgacaagtatgtcgtaagcttaaa
ttctcaaggcaaacaacacttgatttacaaacatgcgatcagcacttatacagtagaaactgaaggtcaa
gcatctactgaaagtgaagaataa
>Potential gene 93:106067..106543, 477 bp
atggagacaatttatgattttgtagtagaaacaaataaaggtgttacttacaaattagatgcatataagg
gtgacgttatgctaattgttaatacagctagcgaatgtggctttacttcacaatttgaaggtttgcaatc
attatacgagaaatacaaagatcaagggtttgtaattctaggtttcccttgtaatcaatttggtggccaa
gaacctggttcaggcgaagaagcagctcaaaactgtaaattaaactatggtgttaccttccctatgcatc
aaaaaatagacgtaaaaggggaacatcaattacctttatttagatatttgactgcggcacaacacggatt
ctttaatgagaaaatcaaatggaatttcactaagtttttagtggatcgcgaaggtaacgttgttaaacga
tttgcacctcaaaaaaaacctgttcaaatcgaaagagaaatagaaaaattattataa
>Potential gene 94:106646..107893, 1248 bp
atgtataacatggctcagcaacaaattcatgatactaaaaataaactagaaaaagctgtcttagtcggtg
tacatgctcaagatgataagcaatttaattttgagtctacaatggaggaattatcatctttatcagagac
ttgccaacttgaagtgttgggtcaaattactcaaaacagagatcgtgtagatcgcaaatattatgttggt
aaaggtaaaattgaagaaattcaagcatttattgagttcaaagatattgatgtagtcatcacaaatgatg
aattaacgactgcacaatccaaatcactaaatgaagctttaggtgtaaaaattattgatagaactcagtt
gattcttgaaatatttgcattaagagcaagaagtaaagaaggtaaattgcaagtagagctagcacaactt
gattatttattacctagattgcaaggccatggtaaaagcctttctcgtttaggtggcggtattggaacta
gaggccctggtgaaacgaagttagagatggatcgcagacatattcgaactcgtatgaatgaaattaaaca
tcaattgcggacggtagaagaacatcgcgaaagatatcgaaataaaagaaatcaaaatcaggtgtttcaa
gtagctttagttggttatacaaatgctggtaaatcatcatggtttaatgttttagcaaatgaagagacgt
atgaaaaagatcaattatttgcaacgttagatcctaaaacacgacaaattcaaataaatgatggatttaa
tttaattatttcagatactgttggttttatacagaaactacctacgacgttaattgcagcttttaaatca
actttagaagaggctaaaggtgcagatttattagtacatgtcgtagatagtagccatcctgaataccgta
cgcagtatgacacagttaatgatttaatcaaacaattagatatgagtcatatttctcaaatagttatttt
taataaaaaggacttatgtgatcatgcatcaaatcgtccagcaagtgatttgcctaatgtttttgtttct
tctaaaaatgatggtgataaattacttgttaagacgttatttattgatgaaatcaaaaggcaattaactt
attatgatgagacaattgcgacgaataatgcagatcgattatattttctaaaacaacatacattagtgac
tgaacttaaatatgatgaaattgaaaatgtttatcgtataaaaggatttaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 95:107912..109150, 1239 bp
atgaaagatataagtaagatagtagctgacgtcgaatcaacgttagcaccatattttaaagaaattgaag
aaacagcatatattaatcaagaaaaagtattaaatgcatttcatcatgtcaaagcaaccgaaagtgatct
acaaggatcaacaggatacgggtatgatgactttggacgtgatcatttagaagaaatatatgcgcaggca
tttaaagcagaagatgcaattgttcgtccgcaaattatttcaggtacgcatgcgattactattgcattac
aaagtttattaaaacatggtgatgaattaatttatataacgggtagtccatatgacactttacttgaagt
cattggcgtaaacggaaatggtattgaaagtttaatggagcatggcgtatcgtataaagatattgcactt
aaagaaggtaagatcgatattgaaagtgtgttagatggggtttctgagcgcaccaaagtaatagcgattc
aacgttcgaaaggctatgatcaaagaccttcaattccgctagatgaaattgaaaaggtaattactaggtt
gaaaaacgtgcatcctaatattttaatatttgtggataactgttatggggaatttgttgaaagacgtgaa
cctatagaatgtggtgccgatttaatagcaggatcattaattaaaaaccctggcggtggtttagctaaga
ttggtggatacattgctggtagaaaagatttaattgaacgatgtggttatagattgacagcacctggtat
tggtaaagaagcgggtgcatcattaaatgcattgcttgaaatgtatcaaggtttctttttagcaccacac
gttgtcagtcagagtcttaaaggtgcattgtttactagtttatttttagaaaaaatgaatatgaacacaa
cgccgaagtactacgaaaaacgaactgatttaattcaaacagttaaatttgaaacgaaagaacaaatgat
ttcattttgtcaaagtattcaacacgcatccccaattaatgcacattttagtccagaacctagttatatg
cctggttacgaagatgatgttattatggcagctggtacgtttattcaaggttcatcgattgaattatctg
cagatggacctattcgtcctccttatgaagcatatgttcaaggaggattaacatatgaacacgttaaaat
tgctgtgacaagagctgttaatcagttgaaagaacaaggacttatataa
>Potential gene 96:109393..109761, 369 bp
atgatatcgaatgatgcaatcagacgaaatatggctgtcttctctatgagtgtagtaagtaagttaacgg
atttaacgccaaggcaaatacgttactatgaaacacatgaactcatcaaacctgaaagaacagaaggtca
aaaacgtctgttctcactcaatgatttggaaagattactagaaattaaatcattattagaaaaaggattt
aatatcaaagggattaaacaaatcatttatgactcacaagagcatttaacaacagatgaacaagagataa
gaaaaaagatgattgtagatgccacgcaaaagcctattggagaaactttgccaataaatcgtggtgattt
atcccgatttattaaataa
>Potential gene 97:109780..111120, 1341 bp
atgccaaaacgtactttcactaaagacgacattcgtaaatttgcagaagaggaaaatgtaagatatttaa
gattacaattcactgatattttaggaacaattaaaaatgttgaagtgcctgtaagccaattagaaaaagt
acttgataacgaaatgatgtttgacggttcttctatcgaaggtttcgtacgtatcgaagaatcagatatg
tacttacatccagatttagatacttgggtaatcttcccatggactgctggacaaggtaaagttgcacgtt
taatttgtgatgtatataaaacagatggaacaccatttgaaggggatcctcgtgcaaacttaaaacgtgt
attaaaagaaatggaagatttaggcttcacagactttaacctagggcctgaaccagaattcttcttgttt
aagttggatgaaaaaggggaaccaactttagaacttaatgatgatggtggatatttcgatttagcaccta
cagatttaggtgaaaactgtcgtcgtgatattgttttagaattagaggatatgggcttcgatattgaagc
tagtcaccatgaagttgcccctggtcaacatgaaattgactttaaatatgcagatgctgttacagcatgt
gataatatccaaacatttaaattggttgttaaaacaatcgcacgtaaacataatttacacgcaacattta
tgcctaaaccattattcggtgtgaatggtagcggtatgcactttaacgtttcattattcaaaggtaaaga
aaatgcattctttgatccaaatactgaaatgggcttaacggaaactgcatatcaatttacagcaggtgtg
cttaaaaatgcacgcggatttactgctgtatgtaacccgttagtaaactcatataaacgtttagtacctg
gttatgaagcaccatgttatattgcatggagtggtaaaaaccgttcaccattaatccgtgtaccatcttc
aagaggattatctactcgtatcgaagtacgttcagtagatccagctgcaaacccatacatggcgttagct
gcaatcttagaagctggactagatggtattaaaaataaattaaaagttccagaaccagttaaccaaaata
tttacgaaatgaaccgtgaagaacgtgaagcagtaggcattcaagacttaccttcaacactttatactgc
attaaaagcaatgcgtgaaaatgaagttattaaaaaagctttaggaaatcatatctataatcaatttatt
aattcaaaatcaattgaatgggattactacagaactcaagtctctgaatgggaaagagatcagtacatga
agcaatattaa
>Potential gene 98:111613..111810, 198 bp
atgaattgctatgatgaaatattcaatacaatcaaagaattgatagaaaacaaagagatatcgagttatc
aaattaataaagatactgggataagttacggtaatattaatgctatgcgccgtagagaaagaagaataga
aaatttaagcttaaagaatgcaaagatcttatatgaatatgcgaaaaaggtattgtaa
>Potential gene 99:112084..112209, 126 bp
atgttaatcataaaaaaagagattttgaaaaatataggctattatactttagaattacaaattataaatc
ttgccagtggatatgggagttcaacatgtcacttaccccaatttgtggaatgttaa
>Potential gene 100:112511..112723, 213 bp
atgaaccagtttaaagaaatttataatacaatagaaaaattactaaatgataaatcaatatctaattata
gaattaatcaagacactgatgtttcttatggtggtataagtgaattaagaagcgggaaaagaaaagtgaa
taatttaactttagaaacagcggaaaaactctataattaccaaaaacaattagaaataatgattgaagat
taa
>Potential gene 101:113017..113223, 207 bp
atgaatgagattgaaactattataagtgaaatagaaaagttattaactaacaatacaccatatagtattt
caaaaaactcaggtgtaccacgtcaaacagttactgatttaaaggtaggtaaaactaaaataaaagaagc
taaatttaaaacgataatcaagttatatgaatatcaaagaacattagaaaataaaacagaatgttaa
>Potential gene 102:114462..114647, 186 bp
atgtcagaatacaagaaaaaaataattgaattaattgaaagtaatttaacaggatatgaaatttctaaaa
aaactggagtttctcaatacgtactttcacaattaagacagggcaaacgcgaagtagataatctaaccct
gaatacaacagaaaaattatatgaatatgccaataaagttttgtaa
>Potential gene 103:115017..115205, 189 bp
atgtaccaaattgttaatcttaataaatctctactttataaagattgaatggacattcgagcgttaatca
gtcaggagggactttccctcctacaatttaataataatacttgcttcaccactatacaaggagtgagttg
ttatgttcaaagtgaattattcgattttaagttattatccagaatataa
>Potential gene 104:115392..115643, 252 bp
atgcttacattaataaaattgaaagaagatgaacaggttataatatatgaatatatacctgaagatgata
taagtaacggtaaaggttcagtaacttttaataaaaaagatgcagaggttatagatttctcattatctga
aatagaaaatgaagaatattttatgttatatcgtaataagtctttttctgtagtaagagactttatcgag
aagcaagaatttcccgaaaattataaaatagcatggtattaa
>Potential gene 105:115689..116273, 585 bp
atgcttttttcattattcgttgaaaaagaagagtcacaaaagttaacatatttaaaagaacttggtgaag
atggcgaatataaatatgttgccaaaatagatagtaaaacatctaaattatgtcattcacttaacggaaa
aatatttaaagttaaagatatgataccaggtgtgaatgcgccacctatgcatccttggtgtagaagtacc
acagtgccacatgtcggcaattggcgagacaagttctttaaagagcgtgaaggtaaatatcaagtagaag
gttgttttattgaatcaggtgcacttaataataaaagtgatgaatacggtatcaaaaggaacagacatgc
tcaaatttattataattcagttagaaatcgagataaacagatagagatttctaaaattgctaaaaatact
aatataaataaaaatttaattcaaagagtttatgaacatatatttgaaaataagtatttattagaaagtg
gatttaaacaatttgatcctgacttttatatggctcaaagttggcaacgtttaagagaagggaaaaatat
taaaaaaatggatataataatgtag
>Potential gene 106:116801..117112, 312 bp
atgatattaatatgcgtaaaatatttagcacaaaatttactcactattttaccatgaaacctatttgact
tggtaataaattttacttgtcccttattagtaacgattgtcattgattttattgatggatgcttaaaaaa
tgtaaataaatcatattctgaaaatcctgactgtccaggatggttatgtaacataacaattgaattcggt
ttactgttaaataataattcggttgcttgttaccctggcacaaaagatacactatcttgattgacatata
cttttgtaaatttaccatcttttaacaaataa
>Potential gene 107:116919..117191, 273 bp
atgttacataaccatcctggacagtcaggattttcagaatatgatttatttacattttttaagcatccat
caataaaatcaatgacaatcgttactaataagggacaagtaaaatttattaccaagtcaaataggtttca
tggtaaaatagtgagtaaattttgtgctaaatattttacgcatattaatatcattaatgatagccatatt
gaaaaattattgaaaaaactttatagtataaatatgattaaatataaagtgagatgattttaa
>Potential gene 108:117748..118038, 291 bp
atgttaggtcatcacctatataatgaaaataaaaaaagagccattttaaataataagaaattgcctagct
atacaatactttctatagatttattgaatgaattgttaagagaaaaaatgtcaacaggcaatctaatatt
aagtgatgagcgatttgatttgaaagagattattaattttaatcaaattattggaaaaatacatatcgaa
aatgtgtatattgaaaccagaaagggaaaagtgcattattcgaagacaggtgctcatatagtaccttata
ttgataagtag
>Potential gene 109:118284..118832, 549 bp
atgcttgaaatgataagtaatggtaaaatgacgatgaaattgaataatgttaagcaaaagcgtcatattt
tatgcacaaatgaatataataataagaaaaataattcatctttattaccaagttatactataatagattc
taatgaaagtgaaaagatgactaaaaaagaatttattgatattccagttttgtttgatgatgaagggaat
tttagaataaaacaagttatagattataaaaagataataggtaaatcttatgtgaatggtaaatatattg
aaacgaaattaggtaaggttcattattctaaaactggttttcatgtagttccgtatattaaaaaggagtg
attaaatatgaatttacagtcatacataggcaaattagtcaaattaacgcttactaataataaaatatta
attggaaaagtgatagactttgatgataaagttgataattttgatggttataattcgatagaaattgata
caggtagaattacatatgatatatcagaaaataaaattaaaactattgttttacaataa
>Potential gene 110:119381..120436, 1056 bp
atgttgatattagttttagggggaaatgtagtgatttcattcgaaaatgattatttagaaggtgctcatg
aaaaagtattaaaacgattagtagatacaaatcttgtacaagcttcgggatatggctttgatcaattcac
agctcaggcaattgaaaagattaaagatacaattgactgtccaaatgctacaattcgttttttagtaggt
ggaacacaaaccaatcaggttgttattaattcaatgttagaaagttacgaaggggtcatttcagcagaca
ctggtcatgttgctgtgcatgagggcggtgcaattgaatatagtggacataaagtaattactataccctc
taaggaaggaaaagttagtgcttcagatgttgaaacttacatggagacatttaaaagtgattttaaaaag
gaccatatggtattcccaggaatggtatatatttctcatcctacagaatatggcacattatactctaaat
cagaattggaagagttatgcaaagtatgtaagcaatatcagcttccattatttatggatggtgcacgatt
agggtatggattgatgagtgaccaatcagatatgactattaaagacatcgctaaatattgtgatgtattt
tatataggtggtacgaagataggtgcattatgcggggaagccattgtttttacgaaaaataatgaaccga
aacaatttaccactcgaatcaagcatcacggtgcccttttagcaaaaggacggttaacaggcatacaatt
tttagaattatttacggacaatttatattttaatataagcagacatgctatcgaaatggcaaataagatg
aaagacgggtttaaaaataaaggctatcgtctttactttgattctccaaccaatcaacaattttttattt
taagtaacgagaaaatagcagagttagaacaaaaagttaaatttgctgtttgggaaaaatacgatgatca
acatcgtgttgttagattcgcaaccagttgggcgacaaccgaagaaaatttaaataaactattagaatta
atctaa
>Potential gene 111:120931..122412, 1482 bp
atgcgatttacattttcaaacgatttaggaacgttatttactattattttagccattggattcatcatta
atttagtattggcttttattattatctttttagaaagaaataggcgtacagcgagttcaacttgggcatg
gctatttgtactttttgtcttaccattgattggttttattctttacttgttttttggtagaaccgtttcg
gcacgcaaattgaataaaaacaatggtaacgtgttaacggatttcgatggacttttaaaacaacaaatag
aaagctttgataaaggtaattatggtactgataacaaacaagttcaaaaacatcatgatttagtacgtat
gcttttgatggatcaagatggttttttaactgaaaataataaagttgatcatttcattgatggaaatgat
ttatatgatcaagttttaaaagatattaaaaatgcaaaagaatatatccatttagagtactatactttcg
ctttagatggtttaggtaaaagaattttacatgctttagaagaaaaattgaaacaaggtctagaagtaaa
aatattatatgatgatgttggatctaaaaatgttaagatggcaaattttgatcattttaaatcgttaggt
ggagaagttgaagcattttttgcttcaaaattaccgttattgaatttcagaatgaataatagaaatcata
gaaaaatcatcgtaatcgatggtcaactaggttatgtcggaggatttaacattggtgatgaatatctagg
attaggaaaattaggatattggagagatacgcatttacgtatacaaggggatgcggttgatgcactgcag
ttgcgatttattttagactggaattcgcaagcgcaccgtccacaatttgaatatgatgttaagtatttcc
ctaaaaagaacggaccattgggcaattcaccaattcaaatagctgcaagtggcccggctagtgactggca
tcaaattgaatacggttatacaaaaatgattatgagtgcaaagaaatctgtatatttacaatcaccatat
ttcattccggataattcatatataaatgccattaaaattgctgctaaatcaggtgtagatgtacatttaa
tgattccatgtaagccagatcatccattagtatattgggcgacattttcaaatgcctctgacttattatc
aagtggtgttaaaatttatacgtatgaaaatggatttatacattctaaaatgtgcttaattgatgatgaa
atcgtatcagtgggcacagcaaatatggactttagaagttttgaattaaattttgaagtaaatgcctttg
tatatgatgaaaatcttgctaaagatttaagggtggcttatgaacatgatattacaaaatcaaaacaact
aaccaaagaatcatatgccaatagaccgctgtctgttaaattcaaagaatcgttagcaaaattagtttcg
ccaattttataa
>Potential gene 112:122812..123495, 684 bp
atgttccaaaaaacgatgtttccagatcaattaaaagttattgagattatcaacttatatcaatcatttt
acgaaaatccattaccattggaagaaataatagaactgacgaaatttgattctagtcaactgaaccaatt
tgtaaataaactttctggtggtcaacaacgattactcgattttgtattatctttaatcggacaaccacaa
ttgatcttattagatgaaccaacatcgactatggatatagaaattagagaatatttttggtcaattattg
aaaatttaaaagaagataatcgaacgatactctatacatcgcactatattgaagaagtcgaacgtatgtc
agacaaaattattctcattgaaaatggagaaataatacttaatgattcaacgtcacatattagaaccaat
cagcaatctcagattacgttatccgatgaatatataagaaagttaaaactagataaagatgatttagtta
ttcaaaaaaatcataatggcactatcaaaattattacttcaaatgtaaatgatacgattttatatcttca
acaacttcatattaatttggatgatattgaaatacaaaaagtctcaattgttgattcatacttcaacaat
aaaaagcaaaggggatctaattatgatactaagttacttgaaaatcgaatttaa
>Potential gene 113:123350..124195, 846 bp
atgatacgattttatatcttcaacaacttcatattaatttggatgatattgaaatacaaaaagtctcaat
tgttgattcatacttcaacaataaaaagcaaaggggatctaattatgatactaagttacttgaaaatcga
atttaaagttataatgcgtaaaaaaacaacattaatattatctattttatttcctgttatattctatata
ttatttacttcgatattggaattgccggaagatgttaaacctaaattttataaagagtatatgtatagta
tgacggtttatagtttgttaagttttagtttactaacttttccattagatattattaatgaaaaacaaaa
tgaatggcgccaaagattaatggtaacaccatttacttttactagttattatatttcaaaagtagtgaaa
actatgctgcaatttgcaatagcgatattagttatttttatggttggacatttttataaaggtgttgcaa
tgagtgcagttcaatggttagagtcaggaatatttttatggttaggtgcgtctctattaataacttttgg
catattattttctttgttaaatgatattcaaaaaacaagtgctttagctaatatcgtaacaattggttta
gcagtattaggtggattgtggtttccgataaacacatttccaaattggcttcaacatgttgctcatgttt
taccgagctatcatttgcgtaaactaggtgtagatattgcttcaaatcatcatatcaatttaatatcatt
tgctataatactcttgtatgctttagggagtataatagcagtatattgtattagtcattttaaaagggcg
gaataa
>Potential gene 114:124199..125299, 1101 bp
atgaaatttttaaaagatacttcaattgctgaaatatcgtctatagtttatctgatttttcctattgccg
gtatattttttaatgaagtatatggtcccaaatggttgtatattatatcagtcattgtcttttcgttgtc
gtatcttatattagttatagtaaataatagacttaatacattaatgttttacattttgttgattattcat
tattttattatttgttattttgttttcagtgtacatccaatgctaagtttgtttttcttttatagtgctt
ttgccgttccatttacttttaaaaataatgttaaaaaaacggcaactaatcttttcatactaacaatgat
tatatgtacaataataacgtacttattgtataacaactattttgttgcaatgatggtttattatgtcgtt
atatcgttaataatgctagataattttaaaaaaatgaaaaaccgtgaatatcaaaaagaaatagcagaaa
aaaatagacatattaatacattaattgctgaacaagagcgacatagaattggtcaagacttacatgatac
gttagggcatgtgtttgcaagtttatcattaaaatcagaattagcttataaactaatagatgctgatgta
gaaaaagtaaaagctgaattattagcaattaataaattatctcgtgaatcattgaacaaagttcgagaaa
ttattgatgatgtaaaattaccatcatttattgaagagattgatagtatacgtaaagttttaaaagatgc
tgatattgattttacatttgaaaataaagaattagcgcaagtattaagtcctactaaacaatctatgtta
gttatgattacgcgtgaagcgataaataatgttattaaacatgcaaatgcttcaaaagttcatggtaaat
taaaaactgtaaacaatcataaattactgcttatgattgaagatgatggcaaaggtatcgatagtgattg
tgaggtgaaaagtatttcacagcgtgtacaacatttaaatggaactttagcagtcgactcaacaaatgga
actaaaataatcattgaaatctcaacaggaggaatagcatgacatctttaa
>Potential gene 115:125287..125889, 603 bp
atgacatctttaattattgcagaagatcaaaatatgttacgacaggcaatggttcaattaattaaactac
atggtgattttgaaattttagcagatactgataatggtctcgatgcaatgaaacttattgaagaatataa
tcctaacgttgtttttttagatatagaaatgccaggcatgactggacttgaagttttagcggaaattaga
aaaaagcatttgaatattaaagtgattattgtaacaacttttaaaagaccgggatactttgaaaaagcag
ttgtgaatgatgtggatgcatatgttttaaaagaacgttctatagaagaattggtggaaaccattaataa
agtaaataacggagagaaagaatatagcgccacattgatgacttcattttttgtagataaaaacccatta
acgcccaaagaacaaattgtattaagggaaattggcaatggtttaagtagtaaagaaataagtgaaaaat
tatttttgacagatggaacagttagaaattatacatctgttataattgataaattatttgcagataatcg
ttttgatgcttggaaaaaggcaaatgaaaaaggctggatctaa
>Potential gene 116:126002..126181, 180 bp
atgaacatttcaaatgaaaatacagtcacattaattgcagcaattatcattggtattttcctacaaatat
ttttcaaattaccattaatagtgacggcagtactatctattttattgggtatctttgtaggctttatcgt
ttacttgattgtttcgttttataataagcgaaaaaattag
>Potential gene 117:126281..126853, 573 bp
atgattaatcggaatgaaaaaagagaagtaggtggcaatatgaagtcaaataaatcgcttgctatgattg
tggtagccatcattattgtaggtgtattagcatttcaatttatgaatcatacgggtcctttcaaaaaggg
gacgaatcatgaaactgtacaagatttaaatggtaaagataaagtacatgttcaaagagttgtggatggt
gatacatttattgcaaatcaaaatggtaaagaaattaaagttaggcttataggggttgatacgccagaaa
cggtgaaaccgaatacgcctgtacaaccatttggcaaagaagcatcaaattatagtaagaagacattaac
aaatcaagatgtttatttagaatatgataaagaaaaacaagatcgctatggtagaacattggcgtatgta
tggataagtaaagatcgtatgtacaataaggaattagtggaaaagggacttgctagagagaagtattttt
caccaaatggcaaatatagaaatgtatttatagaagcacaaaataaagctaaacaacagaaattaaatat
ttggagtaaataa
>Potential gene 118:126996..127850, 855 bp
atgtctttttatgttgtacttatcattatcattgtagcattaattggtatattagttttaaatcaaaggt
atagtaatagtaaaatagataccgaagtttatgcaagaaagcaacttattaaaaagaacaaagcattaag
tgcagaaaatgctgaattaagaagtcaaatgctgagttctaataatgatgttggccaccatgcatacaaa
aatgctaaaagagaattacgcaagattttagatagctatctcgaaaatggtaaattaaaatattacgata
ttatcgttacaagcaatttagctactaaacatccgtttttcgagtatgcacgttcatttgattttatcat
tgtttcagatatcggtttaataaacgttgatgtaaaaagctggggtgaaaaaacattttatcactttgat
gtacctgatgagcatgatacagaaataagcaatagtaatattgaaaaagttgtcggtcattacattagcc
agcaatatcatgatcagtttaattcatcaagaaagtctatctatacttttacagaaacagttcaaccaaa
tcgtgttatttatgatttttatgattatgatccgtatcaattagcagcaaataatgcgaaagcattaaag
gatcatattgaacaaaactttaactttaaagtccaaagtaccggtgttatttactttagtgatggtacag
ttaatatcattcaaggttctgaagaaagagataaatatgttgatacagtttcaacaaaatcttcgttacg
acgtattattagcgaagccatagagctatctaaacaccctttaaataaagaacaggttgatcaaatcaca
gctatattcaagtaa
>Potential gene 119:128181..128756, 576 bp
atgaatgctaaagaacaattagtggacaatttaatgaaaacatcatcgcaattatttaaatttcacggtg
aagttgccatgcagcttttcttaaatgatgaattaaaattaccttctattgttgaaatatgcgtggaacg
taagcgtttaagtgatattgtgaaagttattccgcaatcatatgcgttactatacatagataagcaagat
caagcaatagctaaagaagatttatcactttcaaaaattgcaaaagtttatgtgcaatatgatgatacaa
caataatgagtattttcgtttatgatgtagtaaacgatgaatggatttttagattggatccgaatatacg
tatacctaagagtaacatatacttccatagtttaaattgggatgtggattatattaaaccggagatcgtt
ctaatgtatgatctaatgcaacaccatcagtatcatcattattccaattataaacgagtcatagatgcat
taagctactatcaattttttattttaaaatttgtagtaggtgagcaacgtattaaggatgcaatccagag
aacaataaataattaa
>Potential gene 120:128810..130192, 1383 bp
atgaaagtttccaaattcggtggtagctccgtctccaatgctactcaaattaaaaaggttttaaatattg
ttaattctgatccagagcgaaagattgttatcgtttctgctccaggtaaaagacatgataatgatattaa
aacaactgatttgttaatcagattatatgaaaaggtcattaatcatcttgattatcatgataaaaaaaga
gaaattattcagcgttatgatgatattgtaaaagaattgcaaatggatgaaagtattttacggacgatag
atgtgactttggaacattatattaatcaattaaaaaatgaaccaaagagactattagatgcattactttc
ttgtggtgaagattttaatgcgcaattgatagctttatataataatagtcaaggtataccaacaaaatat
atatcaccgaaggaagcgggtatttttgttactgacgtcccacaagaagcacaaatattagatagtgctt
actctgaaattaaaaaattaagagattatgatgaaaaactaattatcccaggattttttggcgtatctca
tgaaggatatatagttacatttccacgtggcggatcagatataactggcgccatcatatcaagtggtgtt
agagccacaatttatgaaaatttcaccgatgtgtctggtatttataaagctaatccaaatatcatcaaag
atcctgaattaatcgaagaaatcacttatcgagaaatgcgtgaattatcttatgctggttttagtgtttt
ccatgatgaagccttacaaccactttataaagatcgcatccctgtggtgattaaaaatacgaaccgccct
caagataagggtacatttatagtgcatgatagagaaataaatgcgaaaaatgtgattagcggtataagtt
gtgataaagattttaccgttattaatatcaaaaagtatttaatgaatagacaagtcggctttactagaaa
gatattaggtgtcttagaggataataatatttcatttgatcatatgccttcaggtattgatactatcagt
atcgttatgcgttcaaaacaaattcaaaataaagaaacaaaagtattaaatgaaattcgtcaaaaatgtg
atgttgatgagctaagtattgagcatgatttagcaatattaatgattgtcggcgaaggtatgaataaagt
catcggtactgcaaataaaattacacatgccttagctgaatcaaaaattaacttaaaaatgattaaccaa
ggtgcttcggaaatctcgatgatgtttggaattcatgtagatgatgctgaaaaagctgtattatctacat
atgagttttgctatcacggggttgcattaaaaaacttgtgtgataaaaactaa
>Potential gene 121:130383..131663, 1281 bp
atgaaaaaattaaatatagcattattaggattaggtactgtcggatctggtgttgttaaaatcatcgaag
agaaccgacagcaaattcaagatacattaaataaagatattgtcataaagcatattcttgttcgagataa
atctaaaaagagaccgctaaatattagccaatatcatttaactgaagatgttaatgaaattttaaatgat
gattcattagatattatcgttgaagtcatgggaggaattgaaccaactgtagattggttaagaacagcac
ttaaaaataaaaaacatgttattaccgcaaataaagatttattagcagtacatcttaaacttttagaaga
tttagcagaagaaaatggtgtagctttaaagtttgaagcgagtgtagcaggtggtattccgatcgtaaat
gccataaataatggtttgaatgcgaataatatttcaaaatttatgggaattttaaatggtacctctaatt
ttattttatctaaaatgactaaagagcaaacgacatttgaggaagcacttgatgaagcgaaaagacttgg
ttttgctgaagcggatccaactgatgatgtagaaggggtagatgcagcgcgtaaagttgtcattacatca
tatttatcatttaaccaagtcattaaattaaacgacgttaaacgaagaggaattagtggcgtaactttaa
ctgatattaatgtagccgatcaactggggtataaaattaaattgattggtaagggaatatatgaaaatgg
caaagttaatgcatcggtagaaccaacgttaattgataaaaagcatcaattagcagctgtagaggatgaa
tataacgcgatttatgttattggtgatgccgttggtgacacgatgttttatggaaaaggagcaggcagtt
tagcaacaggtagtgccgttgtcagtgatttattgaatgtagcattattctttgaatcagatttacacac
attgccaccacattttgaattaaagacagataaaacacgggaaatgatggattcagatgcagaaattaat
attaaagaaaaatccaatttctttgtagtagtgaatcatgtcaaaggttcaattgaaaattttgaaaatg
agttaaaggcaatattaccatttcaccgatcattaagagttgcaaattacgataatcaatcatatgccgc
tgttatagttggattggaatcatcaccggaagaattaatcactaagcatggatacgaagttgacaaagta
tacccagtagaaggagtttaa
>Potential gene 122:131669..132730, 1062 bp
atgagaagatggcaaggattagtagaagagtttaaagcacatttaccagtaaatgaaaatacaccaaaat
taacattgaacgagggaaatacaccactcattcattgtgaaaatatgtctaaaatactaggcatagattt
atatgtgaagtatgaaggtgccaatccgacaggttcatttaaagatcgcggtatggtaatggctgtgaca
aaagcaaaagagcaaggtaagaaaattgtaatatgcgcttcgactggaaatacatcagcgtctgcagcag
catatgcagcgagagcaggtttaaaagctatcgtcgtaataccagaaggtaaaattgcattaggtaaatt
gtcgcaagcagtaatgtatggtgcagaaatcgtttctattgaaggaaactttgatgaagctttagaaatt
gtaaaagaaattgcaaaaagtggcgaaatcgagcttgtaaactctgtcaatccatttagaatcgaaggac
aaaagacaggctcatttgaaattgtacaacaattagacggtgaagcacctgatattttagcgattcctgt
aggtaatgcaggtaatattactgcatattggaaaggctttaaagaatatcatgaagctaaaggatcacaa
ttgccgaaaatgtttggcttccaagctgaaggcgcatcaccaattgttcaaaataaagtcattaaaaatc
ctgaaacgattgcaactgctattcgaattggtaatcctgctagttgggataaggcgactaatgctcttaa
agaatcaaatggattaatagatagtgttactgatgatgaaattctagaagcatatcagttaatgacaact
aaagaaggtgtctttagtgaaccagcgagtaatgcttctattgcaggtttaattaaattgcatagacaag
gtaaattacctcaaggtaaaaaagtagttgctattttaactggtaatggattaaaagatcctgatactgc
tatttcactactagataatccgataaagccattgccaaatgataaagatagcattatcgattatattaaa
ggagctttataa
>Potential gene 123:132687..133646, 960 bp
atgataaagatagcattatcgattatattaaaggagctttataacatgtcgaatgttttggagttaacaa
ttcctgcatcaacagccaaccttggagttggctttgattctataggtatggctttagataaatttttgca
tctgtctgtaaaggaaacatcagggacaaaatgggaatatattttccatgatgatgcatctaagcaattg
cctactgacgaaacaaactttatttatcatgtagcacaacaagttgcttctaaatatagtgttgacttgc
ctaatttatgtatcgaaatgagaagtgatattccattggcaagagggttaggttcgtcagcttctgcttt
agtaggagctatatatatcgcaaattattttggtgatatccaactgtctaaacatgaggtattacaatta
gcgactgaaatcgaaggacatcctgataatgttgcgccgaccatttatggtggtttaatcgctggatatt
ataatgatgtctcgaaagaaacgtcagttgcacatatcgacataccagacgtggatgtgattgtaacgat
accaacttatgaactaaaaacagaagcatcaagacgtgctttaccacaaaaattaacacatagtgaagcg
gttaaaagtagtgcaattagtaatacaatgatttgtgcattagcacagcacaattatgaattagcaggta
aactcatgcaacaagatggctttcatgaaccgtatcgtcagcatttaattgctgaatttgatgaagtgaa
aacaattgctagtcaacataatgcctatgcaactgtaattagtggtgctggaccaactattttaatattt
agtcgtaaagaaaatagtggggaattggttcgctctttaaatagtcaggtagtatcatgccattctgaat
tggtcgatattaatatcagtggtgttaaagaacgaattgtataccaatag
