>Potential gene 1:745..1941, 1197 bp
atgattgatgaaattaatgctagtaaggatttaactgataaagagaaacaagaagctatatctaagttaa
atcaattaaaagaacaggcaattcaagcgattcaacgtgcgcaaagtatcgatgaaatcacacaacaatt
agagcaattcaaagcgcaaataaaagcagcaaatccatttgctaaagaattggaaaaacgtaaaaaagta
gcgatttcaaaaattaaagatatttcgacagatgcaattgaacgcattaaaaatagttcaactggaactg
ctgaagaaagacaagcagcaatgaatcgaattaacgaaattgtacttgaaacaatcagagatattaataa
tgcgcaaacgccacaacaagttgaggctgcattgaataatggtatcgcacgaattttggcagtacaaatt
gttacatctaataatagcaagcattcatcagattcggacggtgaatctaatagtcatataagcattggat
atggaactgtaaaccatccattcaatagttcggctattggacataaaaagaaattggatcaagatgatga
aatcgatccacttcatatgcgtcatttcggtgaccgaattggtaatgttatcaaaaacgcacttggcgtt
gttggtatttccggattacttgctagcttctggttcttcattgcgaaacgtcgtcgtaaagaggatgaag
aggaagaattggaaattagagataatagcaaagacaagaagaaaggttcaatagaaggtactaaacattt
accacttttattagcgaaacgtcgcagaaaagaagatgaagaagatgctattgttgaagaaaaagattcg
ctaaacaataacgagtcactcgataaagttaaacatacgccgttcttcttacctaaacgtcgtcgcaaag
aagatgaagaagatgtggaagttacaaatgaaaacacagatgaaaaagtgttgcaagataacgaacattc
accactcttaatcgcaaaacgacgcaaagataaagaggtagatgttgaaacaacacctagtattgaatct
aatgaagatgacgcacctttattattggctaaaaagaaaaatcaaaaagataaccaatccaaagggaaaa
agtcggcatcaaaaaaaccttctaaaaagctagtagctaaaaagaagaaaaagaaatctaaaaaaaataa
aaaataa
>Potential gene 2:2000..2401, 402 bp
atggcgaaaataaattttgatgctgcgacgaaaggaaatccaggcataagtacgtgtgccgttgtaatca
aagaagatgatcagcattatacatatacacatgagttaggcgaaatggataatcacactgcagaatgggc
tgcttgtatctatgcattgaaacacgcccgtgaattaaacgttagcaatgcgttgttgtacactgactct
aagttaattgcggatagtgttaacgctggttatgtaaaaaatgcaaaatttaaaccttattttgatcaat
tggaaatatttgaacaagattttgatttattatttgttaaatggattccgagagaacaaaacaaagaagc
gaatcaaaacgcacagcaagcattgtacaaattaattaaaaagaacaaataa
>Potential gene 3:2570..2734, 165 bp
atgatattttcgcaaaatttatttcgtcgtcccaccccggcaaggttgactagaattgaaaaaagcttgt
tacaagcgcattttcgttcagtcaactactgccaatataacttcgtagagcatagaacattgatttatgt
cccagcctgaagatgatttttttag
>Potential gene 4:2781..3485, 705 bp
atgtataatgaaattttaggactagttacgtttattgcaacgttcgtgcttatggtacttatgtatcgct
tttttggtaaacaaggtttaattgcatgggttgcaattggcacaatcattgccaacatacaagtaattaa
aactgtagaaatctttggtatttcagcaactttaggtaatgtcatgtttgcttctatttatttagcaaca
gatatattaaacgatatttatgggcgtagagttgcaaaaagagcagtttggttaggcttttcatcaacat
taattatgattattgttatgcaattgtcattacattttattcctgcaccagaagatatggcacaaaaagc
tttacacgcaatctttgatgttgtgccacgcattgctttaggctcaatcgtcgcatatattattggtcaa
catattgatgtatttatcttttcactaattaaaaaagtatttagttctgataaaacgtttttcatccgtg
catatggtagtacatttttaagctcaataattgatacagctttatttgtagctatcgcatttatcggaag
tttacctggtacagttgtatttgaaatatttattacaacgtacgtactaaaattagcttcaacagttttc
aatgtaccatttggatatattgctaaatcattttatcgtaaaggcaagattgataaattagatcaaggtt
attaa
>Potential gene 5:3695..4285, 591 bp
atgacaaaacaactttcattgtatttggacttggcgttggctctatacgtaaaatttccatatactttat
tccccccgaatactagttgatgaaaaatttattcgaatacagcctctacttttggcaatactgtttccca
atttgcgtcattttctttatctactgaaataaagtccataacatggaaaattgatttaacgccttcaacc
tttaagatgtcattaataaatgctggctgtgaatcatcaactttagtatacgtatctgatgtcatacctt
ctctgctttcactaagtgtaatcttcattgtgttgtggttcggtgtttctgatatagatataatttgcat
tttacttcctcctattgaagttcatttcctaattgttttatttctttccctattgaacactcattgatac
aaaaatgatgcgacttcgttttcccctctaatttacgcagacgagttttgattggacattgattgcaata
agtattcattaaatcatctattttcgcgagtgcattttgctctgaaaaagttaaaatacgcgacacttcc
tttattacttcaaaatattgcaaccttgtaa
>Potential gene 6:3936..4187, 252 bp
atgcaaattatatctatatcagaaacaccgaaccacaacacaatgaagattacacttagtgaaagcagag
aaggtatgacatcagatacgtatactaaagttgatgattcacagccagcatttattaatgacatcttaaa
ggttgaaggcgttaaatcaattttccatgttatggactttatttcagtagataaagaaaatgacgcaaat
tgggaaacagtattgccaaaagtagaggctgtattcgaataa
>Potential gene 7:4225..5349, 1125 bp
atggaaattttacgtatagagccaacgccaagtccaaatacaatgaaagttgttttgtcatatacaagag
aagacaagttatctaatacttataaaaaagtagaagaaaatcaaccaagatttataaatcagttgttatc
tatagatggtatcacttccatttttcatgtcatgaacttcttagctgttgataaggcaccaaaagctgat
tgggaagtcatattacctgatattaaagctgctttttctggtgaaagtcaggtattggaatctggaaaag
acccacaaattgataaacattttggtgaaattaaagctgaattattaacttttaagggtataccgtatca
aattaagctaacttctgctgaccaggaattaagagaacaattaccacaaacatacgttgatcatatgact
caagcgcaaacagaacatgacaatattgtttttatgcgtaaatggctagatttaggaaatcgctatggaa
atattgaagaagtaatggatggtgtcctagaagaagtgttagctacctatccagaatcacagttgcccgt
attggtaaaacatgctttagaagaaaatcacgcagctaataattatcatttctatcgacatgtctctttg
gatgaatatcatgcgactgataattggaagactcgattgcgaatgttaaaccattttccaaagccgactt
ttgaagatataccgctgcttgatttagctttatctgatgaaaaagtaccggttagacgtcaagcgattgt
attattaggcatgattgaaagtaaagaaattttaccgtatttatataagggacttcgcgataaaagtcct
gctgtaagaaggacagcaggggattgcataagtgatttagggtatccagaggcactaccagaaatggtgc
tacttttagatgattcacagaagatcgttaggtggcgtgctgctatgtttatctttgatgaaggtaatgc
agagcagcttcccgcacttaaagcccatattaatgacaatgcgtttgaagttaaattacaaattgaaatg
gccatatctcgtattgaaaacggagatgaagcacttggttcagtatggaaacaaatggcaaacagaacaa
tttaa
>Potential gene 8:5365..5802, 438 bp
atgaatgcatatgatgcttatatgaaagaaattgcgcaacaaatgcgtggcgaattaactcaaaatggtt
ttacaagtttagaaacgagcgaagcagtattagagtatatgaaccaagtaaatgctgatgacacaacttt
tgtagttattaactctacatgcggctgtgcagctggattagcaagaccagctgcagtagctgttgcaaca
caaaatgaacatagaccaacaaatacagttacagtttttgcagggcaagataaagaagcaactgctacta
tgcgagaattcattcagcaggtaccatctagtccttcgtatgctttattcaaaggtcaagatttagttta
ttttatgcctagagaatttatcgaaggtagagatattaatgacattgcaatggacttaaaggatgccttt
gacgaaaattgtaaatag
>Potential gene 9:6226..7182, 957 bp
atgttgaattcatttgatgcagcatatcacagtctttgtgaagaagttttagaaataggaaatacacgaa
atgatcgcacaaatacaggtacgatttcgaaatttggtcatcaacttcgctttgacttatctaaaggatt
tccactattaacgacaaagaaagtttcttttaaattagtagcaaccgaattattatggttcattaaagga
gatacaaacatccaatacttattaaaatataataataatatttggaacgaatgggcttttgaaaattata
ttaaatcagacgagtataaaggtccagatatgacagatttcggacatcgtgcattgagtgatcctgaatt
taacgaacaatataaagaacaaatgaaacaatttaagcaacgtattcttgaagatgatacatttgcgaag
caattcggtgatttaggaaatgtttatggtaaacaatggcgagattgggttgataaagatggtaatcatt
ttgatcaacttaaaacagtaattgaacaaattaagcataatccagattcaagacgacacatcgtatctgc
atggaatccaacagaaattgatacaatggcacttccgccttgtcatacaatgttccagttttatgtccaa
gatggtaagttaagttgccagttataccaacgtagcgcagatatctttttaggtgtgccatataatatcg
caagctacgctttattgacacaccttattgccaaagaatgtggacttgaagtaggtgaatttgtgcatac
atttggagatgcacatatttattcaaatcatattgatgcaattcaaactcaattagcgcgtgaaagtttc
aatcctccaacattaaaaattaacagtgacaagtctattttcgacataaattatgaagatttggaaattg
ttgactatgaatcgcatccagcaataaaagctccaatagcagtgtag
>Potential gene 10:7382..7861, 480 bp
atgactttatccattctagttgcacatgacttgcaacgagtaattggttttgaaaatcaattaccttggc
acctaccaaatgatttgaagcatgttaaaaaactatcaacaggtcatactttagtaatgggtcgtaagac
atttgaatcgattggtaaaccactaccgaatcgtcgaaatgttgtacttacttcagatacaagtttcaac
gtagagggcgttgatgtgattcattctattgaagatatttaccaactaccgggacatgttttcatatttg
gagggcaaacattatttgaagaaatgattgataaagtggacgacatgtatattactgttattgaaggtaa
attccgtggtgatacgttcttcccaccttatacatttgaagactgggaagttacctcttcagttgaaggt
aaactagatgagaaaaatacaattccacatacctttctacatttaattcgtaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 11:7876..8715, 840 bp
atgacaaaacagattatagtaacagactcaacatccgatttatctaaagaatatttagaagcaaacaaca
ttcatgtaattcctttaagtttaactattgaaggagtttcatacgttgaccaagtagatattacatcaga
agaatttattaatcatattgaaaatgatgaagatgtaaagacaagtcagccagccataggtgaatttata
tctgcttatgaagaactaggaaaagatggctccgaaatcataagtattcatctttcttcaggattaagtg
gtacatataacactgcttaccaagcaagtcaaatggtagatgctaatgtaactgttattgattcaaaatc
tatttcttttggtttagggtatcaaatacaacacctagtagagcttgtaaaagaaggtgtctcaacttct
gaaatagttaaaaagttaaatcatttaagagaaaacattaaattatttgtagttatagggcaattgaatc
aattaattaaaggtggcagaattagtaaaacaaaaggtttgattggtaatcttatgaaaatcaaaccaat
tggtacactagatgatggtcgcttagagcttgtgcacaatgcgagaactcaaaattctagtatccaatac
ttgaaaaaggaaattgctgaatttataggagatcatgaaatcaaatccgttggtgtcacacatgctaacg
ttattgaatatgttgataaattgaagaaagtttttaatgaagcttttcatgtgaataattacgatataaa
tgtaactacaccagttatttctgcacatactggtcaaggtgcgattggcctcgtagtccttaagaagtaa

>Potential gene 12:8801..9334, 534 bp
atgacaaaagaatatgcaacattagcaggaggatgtttctggtgcatggttaaaccatttacatcatatc
caggcatcaagtcagtcgtatctggttatagtggcggtcatgttgacaacccaacttatgaacaggtatg
tacgaatcaaaccggccatgtcgaagcagtacaaattacgtttgatccagaggttacttcctttgaaaat
atattagacatatatttcaaaacatttgacccaaccgatgatcaagggcaatttttcgatagaggcgaaa
gctatcaaccagtcattttctatcatgatgagcatcagaaaaaggctgctgagtttaaaaagcaacaatt
aaatgaacaaggtattttcaagaaaccagtgattacacctattaaaccatataaaaatttctatccagct
gaagactaccatcaagattattacaaaaagaacccggtacattattaccaatatcaacgtggttcaggta
gaaaagcgtttatagaatcacattgggggaatcaaaatgcttaa
>Potential gene 13:9327..9755, 429 bp
atgcttaaaaaagataaaagcgaactaacagatatagaatatattgttacacaagaaaatggtactgaac
caccatttatgaatgaatattggaatcattttgctaaagggatttacgtagataagatttctggtaaacc
tttatttacatctgaagaaaagtttcattctgagtgcggatggcctagcttttccaaagcgcttgatgac
gatgaaattatagaattagtcgacaaatcatttggtatggtaagaactgaagtccgttcagaagaatcaa
atagtcatttaggacacgtctttaatgatggacctaaagaaagtggcggcttaagatactgtatcaattc
cgctgcaattcaatttattccatatgaaaaattagaagaattgggttatggcgatttaatatcacatttt
gataagtag
>Potential gene 14:9767..10267, 501 bp
atgtttaaaaaattattcggaaaaggcaaagaagttcagaaagatatcgcaatttatgcaccattaactg
gagaatacgtgaaaattgaagatattccagatcctgtattcgcacaaaaaatgatgggcgaaggttttgg
tattaatccaactgaaggagaagttgtgtctccaattgcaggacgtgttgacaatgtctttccaactaag
catgcgattgggttaaaagcagataacggattagaattattagttcatatcggtttagacacagttcaat
tagacggtgaaggatttgaagtgttagtgtctagtggtgacgaagttaacgtcggagatccattagtaag
attcaaccttgaatttattaataataacgctaaatctgttatttcaccaattataattacaaacactgat
caagcagcttcaattaatatttatgatgaaaatgctgtgattaaaggtgaaacaaaagtgattgatgtga
caatgaactaa
>Potential gene 15:10267..10488, 222 bp
atgaaaaactattcgttttatcaatttgtcatgacagttcgtggtcgacacgacgataaaggtcgtctag
cagaagagatatttgacgatcttgctttcccaaaacacgatgatgattttaacatactgtctgattatat
tgagacacatggtgatttcacattgccaatgtctgtatttgatgatttatatgaagaatatacggaatgg
ctaaaattttaa
>Potential gene 16:10677..12167, 1491 bp
atggatgataagcaacacacatcttcatccgatgatgaacgcgctgaaattgcaacaagcaatcaagacc
aacaaactaattcatcgaaacgcgttcacttaaaacgttggcaattcatatcaattttaattggtacaat
cctaataacagctgtcatcacagttgttgcatatatttttataaatcaaaaaataagtggtttaaacaaa
actgatcaagcaaacttaaataaaattgaaaatgtgtataaaatcttaaatagtgattattacaaaaaac
aggactctgacaagttaagtaaagctgcaattgatggcatggtcaaagaattaaaagatccttattctga
atatttaacaaaagaacaaacgaaatcctttaatgaaggtgtttcaggtgattttgtaggtattggtgca
gaaatgcaaaagaaaaatgatcaaattatggttactagtcctatgaagggatctccagcagaacgtgctg
gcattcgtcctaaagatgtcattactaaagtaaatggaaaatcaattaaaggtaaagcattagatgaagt
tgtcaaagatgttcgtggtaaagaaaacactgaagtaactttaactgttcaacgaggcagtgaagaaaaa
gacgttaagattaaacgtgaaaaaattcatgttaaaagtgttgagtataagaaaaaagataaggttggag
ttattactattaataaattccagaatgatacatcaggtgaattgaaagatgcagttcttaaagctcacaa
agatggtttgaaaaagattgttttagatttaagaaataatcctggtggactactagatgaagctgttaaa
atggcaaatatttttatcgataaaggaaaaactgttgttaaactagaaaaaggtaaagatactgaagcaa
ttcaaacttctaatgactcgttaaaagaagcgaaagacatggatatatccatcttagtgaatgaaggttc
agctagcgcttctgaagtatttactggtgcgctaaaggactataataaagctaaagtttatgggtcaaaa
acattcggtaaaggtgtcgtacaaactacaagagagtttaaggacggttcattgttaaaatatactgaaa
tgaaatggttaacgccagatggtcattatattcacggtaaaggcattaaaccagacgttactattgacac
acctaaatatcaatctttaaatgtcattcctaatacgaaaacatttaaagttggagacgatgataaaaat
attaaaactattaaaattggtttatcagctttaggttataaagttgataatgaatcaacgcaatttgatc
aagctttagaaaatcaagttaaagctttccaacaaacgaataaactcgaggtaactggtgaatttaataa
agaaacgaataataaatttactgagttattagttgaaaaagctaataaacatgatgatgttctcgataaa
ttgattaatattttaaaataa
>Potential gene 17:12564..13073, 510 bp
atgatccgtctaggtaaaatgtcagatttagatcaaatcttaaatctagtagaagaagcaaaagaattaa
tgaaagaacacgacaacgagcaatgggacgatcagtacccacttttagaacattttgaagaagatattgc
taaagattatttgtacgtattagaggaaaataacaaaatatatggttttattgttgtcgaccaagaccaa
gcagaatggtatgatgacattgactggccagtaaatagagaaggcgcctttgttattcatcgattaactg
gttcgaaagaatataaaggagctgctacagaattattcaattatgttattgatgtagttaaagcacgtgg
tgcagaagttattttaacggacacctttgcgttaaacaaacctgcacaaggtttatttgccaaatttgga
tttcataaggtcggtgaacaattaatggaatatccgccatatgataaaggtgaaccattttatgcatatt
ataaaaatttaaaagaatag
>Potential gene 18:13085..14155, 1071 bp
atgaagaaaatcgcatttaccggagggggaacagttggacacgtatcagtaaatttaagtttaattccaa
ctgcattatcacaaggttatgaagcgctttatattggttctaaaaatggtattgaaagagaaatgattga
atcacaactaccagaaattaagtattatcctatttcaagtggtaaattaagaagatatatttctttagaa
aatgccaaagacgtatttaaagtattgaaaggtattcttgatgctcgtaaagttttgaaaaaagaaaaac
ctgatctattattttcaaaaggtggatttgtatctgtgccagttgttattgcagccaaatcattaaatat
accaactattattcatgaatctgacttaacaccaggattagcgaataagatagcacttaaatttgccaag
aaaatatatacaacatttgaagaaacgctaaactacctacctaaagagaaagctgattttattggagcaa
caattcgagaagatttaaaaaatggtaatgcacataatggttatcaattaacaggctttaatgaaaataa
aaaagtgttactcgttatgggtggaagcttaggaagtaaaaaattaaatagcattattcgcgaaaactta
gatgcattattacaacaatatcaagtgatacatttaactggtaaaggattaaaagatgctcaagttaaaa
aatcaggatatatacaatatgaatttgttaaagaggaattaacagatttattagcaattacggacacagt
aataagtagagctggatcaaatgcgatttatgagttcttaacattacgtataccaatgttattagtacca
ttaggtttagatcaatcccgaggcgaccaaattgacaatgcaaatcattttgctgataaaggttatgcta
aagcgattgatgaagaacaattaacagcacaaattttattacaagaactaaatgaaatggaacaggaaag
aactcgaattatcaataatatgaaatcgtatgaacaaagttatacgaaagaagctttatttgataagatg
attaaagacgcattgaattaa
>Potential gene 19:14172..14786, 615 bp
atgagtcaatggaaacgtatctctttgctcatcgtttttacattggtttttggaattatcgcgtttttcc
acgaatcaagacttgggaaatggattgataatgaagtttatgagtttatatattcatcagagagctttat
tacgacatctatcatgcttggagctactaaagtaggtgaagtctgggcaatgttatgtatttcattactt
cttgtggcatatctcatgttaaagcgccacaaaattgaagcattattttttgcattaacaatggcactat
ctggaattttgaatccagtactaaaaaatatattcgatagagaaagacctacattgctgcgtttaattga
tataacaggatttagttttcctagcggtcatgctatgggatcaactgcatattttggaagtggtatctat
ctattaaaacgattaaatcaaggtaattcaaaaggtattcttatagggttatgtgcagctatgattttat
tgatttccatatcacgtgtatatctaggtgtgcattatccaacagatattattgccggtattattggtgg
cgtattttgcattattttatcaacgttattacttagaaataaattaatcaattaa
>Potential gene 20:14903..15103, 201 bp
atgaccaatccaacaagaacgaaacgttgtgggggggatgttctatgtggtattgataatcattttcaac
tactattatacattagtgagaatcattgtcaattagaaactaaaactttttttgaatattttttaagaat
agtaaataaaacgcatgattacgctattttagaaaataaaaaaatttgtatttctcattag
>Potential gene 21:15574..16311, 738 bp
atgacgcaaattttaatagtagaagatgaacaaaacttagcaagatttcttgaattggaactcacacatg
aaaattacaatgtggacactgagtatgatggacaagacggtttagataaagcgcttagccattactatga
tttaatcatattagatttaatgttgccttcaattaatggcttagaaatttgtcgcaaaattagacaacaa
caatctacacctatcattataattacagcgaaaagtgacacgtatgacaaagttgctgggcttgattacg
gtgcagacgattatatagttaagccatttgatattgaagaacttttagcaagaattcgtgcgattttacg
tcgtcagccacaaaaggatattatcgatgttaacggtattacaattgataagaatgcttttaaagtgacg
gtaaatggcgcagaaattgaattaacaaaaacagagtatgatttactatatcttctagctgaaaataaaa
accatgttatgcaacgggaacaaattttaaatcatgtatggggttataatagtgaagtagaaacaaatgt
cgtagatgtttatataagatatttacgaaacaaattaaaaccatacgatcgtgacaaaatgattgaaaca
gttcgtggcgttgggtatgtgatacgatgacaaaacgtaaattgcgcaataactggattattgttaccac
gatgattacgtttgtcacgatatttttgttttgtttaa
>Potential gene 22:16230..17585, 1356 bp
atgacaaaacgtaaattgcgcaataactggattattgttaccacgatgattacgtttgtcacgatatttt
tgttttgtttaattattatctttttcttgaaagatacactgcataatagtgagcttgatgatgcagaacg
aagctcaagcgatattaataatttatttcattctaagactgttaaagatatatctgcattagacttgaat
gcatctttaggtaattttcaagagattattatttatgatgaacataataataaattatttgagacatcga
atgataacacagtgagagttgaaccaggttatgaacaccgttattttgaccgcgtaataaaaaaacgcta
taaaggcattgaatatttaattattaaagaaccaatcacaacgcaagatttcaaagggtatagcttgtta
attcattcactagaaaattatgataacatcgtaaaatcattgtatatcattgcgctcgcatttggagtga
ttgcaacaattataactgccacaatcagttatgtattttcaactcaaattactaaaccgcttgtcagttt
atcaaataaaatgattgagattcgacgagatggatttcaaaataaattgcaattaaatacaaattatgaa
gaaatagataatctagcaaatacgtttaatgagatgatgagccaaattgaagaatcatttaatcaacaaa
gacaatttgttgaagatgcatcacatgaattacgaacaccattacaaattattcaaggtcatttaaattt
gattcagcgatggggaaaaaaagatccagcagtattagaagaatcgttaaatatttctattgaagaaatg
aatcgtatcataaaattagtcgaagaattacttgaattgactaaaggagatgtaaatgacatttcttctg
aagcgcagaccgtgcatattaatgatgaaattcgctcgcgaatacactcattaaaacaattacatcctga
ttatcaatttgatacggatctgacatctaaaaatttagaaattaaaatgaagcctcatcaatttgaacaa
ttatttttaatctttattgataatgcaatcaaatatgatgtgaagaataagaaaattaaagttaagacaa
ggttaaaaaataagcaaaaaataattgaaattacagatcatggaattggtattccagaggaagatcaaga
tttcatttttgatcgcttttatcgagtggataaatctcgttcaagaagtcaaggcggtaatggactcgga
ttatctattgctcaaaaaatcattcaattaaacggtggatcgattaaaattaaaagtgaaattaacaaag
gaacaacgtttaaaatcatattttaa
>Potential gene 23:17835..17966, 132 bp
atgcaagttggggtgggacgacgaaataaattttgcgaaaatatcatttctgtcccactcccaagaacga
ctataaaacaaataaacagtggttctttatcatttctgttgtacgcccaaaatttacaataa
>Potential gene 24:18110..20908, 2799 bp
atgactaacgaaagaaaagaagtttcagaggctcctgtaaacttcggtgcgaatttaggtctaatgttag
atctatatgatgactttttacaagatccatcatctgtaccagaagatttacaagtcttattcagcacaat
taagaatgatgactcaattgtaccagctttaaaaagtacaagtagtcaaaatagcgacggcacaattaaa
cgtgtcatgcgtttaattgataatattcgccaatacgggcatcttaaagccgatatttatcctgtaaatc
ctccgaaaaggaaacatgtacctaaattagagattgaagactttgatttagatcaacagactttggaagg
tatatcagcaggaattgtttcagatcactttgccgacatttatgataatgcttatgaagcaattttaaga
atggaaaaacgttacaaaggaccaattgcatttgagtatacacatattaataacaataccgaacgtggtt
ggttaaaaagaagaattgaaacgccatataaagtaacgttaaataacaacgaaaaaagggcactatttaa
acaattagcgtatgttgaagggttcgaaaaatatcttcataaaaacttcgttggtgcaaagcgtttttca
attgaaggggtagacgcactcgtaccgatgttacaacgtactattacgattgctgcgaaagaaggtatta
aaaatatacaaataggcatggctcaccgtggacgtttaaacgttttaacgcatgtcttagaaaaaccgta
cgaaatgatgatttcagaatttatgcatacagatccaatgaaattcttacctgaagatggtagcttgcag
ttaactgctggatggactggtgatgtgaaatatcaccttggtggcattaaaactactgattcatacggta
caatgcagcgtattgcactggctaacaatccaagtcacttggaaattgttgcacctgttgttgaggggcg
tacgagagcagcacaagatgatacacaacgtgctggggctccgacgactgatcatcataaagcaatgcca
attattatacatggcgatgctgcttatcctggtcaaggaattaacttcgaaacaatgaacttaggaaact
tgaaaggctattctacgggtggttcattgcatattattactaacaatagaattggatttactacagaacc
aattgatgcacgttcaacaacttattctacagatgtggccaaaggttatgatgtgccaatattccatgtc
aatgctgatgacgttgaagctactattgaagcaattgatattgcaatggaatttagaaaagagtttcata
aagacgtcgttattgatttagtaggttatcgtcgtttcggtcataacgaaatggatgaaccatcaattac
taatccagttccttatcagaatattcgcaaacatgactctgttgaatatgtgtttggtaaaaagcttgtt
aatgaaggtgtcatttcagaagatgaaatgcattcatttatagaacaagtccaaaaggaactaagacaag
cacatgataaaattaataaagctgataaaatggataatccagatatggaaaaacctgcagaacttgcatt
accgttacaagcagacgaacaatcatttacgtttgatcatttgaaagaaataaatgatgcattgttaaca
tatccggatggctttaacattttgaaaaagttaaacaaagttcttgagaagcgtcatgagccgtttaata
aagaggatggcttagttgattgggcacaagcagaacaacttgcatttgcgacaattttacaagatggtac
accgattcgcttaactggtcaagatagtgaacgtggtacattcagtcataggcatgccgtgttacatgat
gagcaaacaggtgaaacatatacacctttacatcatgttcctgatcaaaaagcgacatttgatatacaca
attctccgctttcagaagcagcagtagttggttttgaatacggctataatgtggaaaacaaaaaaagctt
caatatttgggaagcgcaatatggtgattttgcaaatatgtcacaaatgatttttgacaacttcttattc
agttctcgctcaaaatggggagaacgttcaggattaacattattcttacctcatgcatatgagggtcaag
gtcctgaacattcatcagcaagattagagcgatttttacaattagctgctgaaaataattgcacagttgt
caacttatctagttcaagtaattatttccacttattgcgtgcacaagcagctagtttagattctgaacaa
atgcgaccattggttgttatgtcaccaaaaagcttactgagaaataaaacagttgcaaaaccaattgatg
aatttacttctggtggatttgagccaattttgacagaatcatatcaagcggataaggttacaaaagttat
tttagcaactggtaaaatgttcattgatttaaaagaagcattagctaaaaatccagacgaatcagtgtta
ctcgttgcgattgaaagattgtatccattcccagaggaagagattgaagcattactagcacaattgccaa
accttgaagaagtgtcatgggtacaagaagaacctaaaaatcaaggtgcatggttatatgtctatccata
tgttaaagtgctagttgcagataaatatgatttaagttatcatggcagaattcaaagggctgctccagct
gaaggcgatggagaaattcataaacttgttcaaaataaaattatagaaaatgcattaaaaaataactag
>Potential gene 25:20922..22190, 1269 bp
atgccagaggttaaagttccagaattagcagaatctattacagaaggtaccattgcagaatggttgaaaa
acgtaggggatagcgtagaaaaaggtgaagctattcttgaattagaaactgataaagttaatgtcgaagt
tgtatctgaagaagcaggtgtattatctgaacaacttgcaagtgaaggcgacactgtagaagttgggcaa
gcaattgctatcatcggcgaaggtagtggcaatgcttctaaagaaaatagtaacgacaatactccacaac
aaaatgaagaaacaaataataaaaaagaagaaacaacaaataattcggtagataaagctgaagtcaatca
agcaaatgatgacaatcagcaacgtattaatgctacgccttctgcgcgtcgatatgctcgtgaaaatggt
gtcaatcttgctgaagtaagtccaaaaacaaatgatgtggttcgtaaagaagatattgataagaaacaac
aggcaccggcatcaacacaaacaacacaacaagcacctgcaaaagaagagaaaaaatacaatcaatatcc
tacaaaaccagtgattcgtgaaaaaatgtcacgcagaaagaaaacagctgccaaaaaattattagaggta
tctaataatacagctatgttaacaacatttaacgaagttgacatgacaaatgttatggaattgcgtaaac
gtaagaaagaacaatttatgaaagatcatgatggtactaaattaggatttatgtcattctttactaaagc
ttcagtagcagctttgaaaaagtatccagaagttaatgcagaaatcgacggcgacgacatgattacgaaa
caatattatgatattggtgtagctgtttctacagatgatggattattagtaccatttgtaagagattgtg
ataaaaagaattttgcagaaatcgaagcagaaattgctaatttagctgttaaagcacgagagaaaaaact
tggcttagatgatatggttaatggttcatttacgattacaaatggcggtatttttggatcaatgatgagt
acgccaattatcaatggtaatcaagctgcaatcttaggcatgcattcaattattacaagaccaattgcga
ttgatcaagatacaatcgaaaatcgtccaatgatgtatattgcattaagctatgatcatagaattattga
cggtaaagaagcagttggattcttaaaaacaattaaagaattaattgaaaacccagaagacttattatta
gaatcttaa
