>Potential gene 1:740..904, 165 bp
atgttggtcgctgactgtatgctaaaatttctccagttttggcatccatgacaaccgcaaataaatcttt
cggctggtatctttcaaccatgccatctaaagcttcttcaacaaatacttgaatatttgaatcgattgtt
aaatggacatcatcaccacgtttag
>Potential gene 2:1255..1710, 456 bp
atgactgtagataatttctttgcagtctcttttttatcaactacatgcctaggttttttagaattggcac
tcgcctttttatctattactgcaacaagtttatatctttctacatcttctgctagcactttaccattacg
atcatatatcttccctcgttctggttgttgtgcattcttaactaaatacttttcatttgccttcatgact
aaatcttgaccattagaatgtccagtaatcatgatatatgaaattcttaaaaccaatataaaaaagagca
gtccgaataaaccaacaagtaggactgcccctattttattttttttaattttaattttttgcttcgccat
tactacgcactacctttacattatcgttctcaaggctcatcccctgtttcttagccttttcgtatatgcg
ttcataagaagaattctttttgatttcagattgtaa
>Potential gene 3:1585..1986, 402 bp
atggctgtagaaaaagtgtaccaaccatatgacgaacaagtttataatagtataccgaagcaacaaccac
aaactaagcccgaaaagaagactgtttcgagaaaagtggttgtacaattaactaaatttgaaaaagtttt
atacataactttgattactgtaattgctatgttaagtatttatatgctatctttaaaaatggatgcgtat
gatacgcgaggaaagattgcagatttagattataaaatagataaacaatcaagtgaaaacagtgctttac
aatctgaaatcaaaaagaattcttcttatgaacgcatatacgaaaaggctaagaaacaggggatgagcct
tgagaacgataatgtaaaggtagtgcgtagtaatggcgaagcaaaaaattaa
>Potential gene 4:2000..2914, 915 bp
atgttaaacgaaaccattgattatttaaatgtaaaagaaaatggtgtgtacattgactgtacgctaggtg
gagcgggacatgccctttatttactaaatcaattaaatgacgacggaagattaatagcaatcgatcaaga
ccaaactgcaattgataatgctaaagaggtattgaaggatcatttgcataaggtgacttttgttcatagc
aacttccgtgaattaactcaaatattaaaagacttaaacattgaaaaagtagatggaatttattacgact
tgggtgtttcaagcccacaactcgacattccagaacgaggattcagttatcaccatgacgcaacattaga
catgcgtatggaccaaacacaagaactaacagcatatgaaattgttaacaattggtcatatgaagcgtta
gtgaagattttttatcgttatggcgaggagaaattttcaaaacagatagctcgaagaatcgaagcacatc
gtgaacaacaaccaataacaacaacattagaattagttgacattataaaagaaggtattcctgcaaaagc
aagaagaaaaggcggacatcctgcaaaacgagtatttcaagcactacgaattgcagtaaacgatgaattg
tcagcttttgaagattcaatagaacaagcgattgaattagtgaaagtagacggcaggatatcggtaatca
ctttccattctttagaagatcgtttatgtaaacaggtgttccaagaatatgaaaaaggtccagaggtacc
aagaggattaccagttataccagaagcatatacacctaagttaaagcgtgttaatcgtaaaccgattacc
gctacagaagaagatttagatgacaataacagagcacgaagcgcgaaattacgtgtagctgaaatactta
aataa
>Potential gene 5:2951..3382, 432 bp
atgttcatgggagaatacgatcatcaattagatacaaaaggacgtatgattataccgtccaagtttcgtt
atgacttaaatgagcgttttattatcacaagaggccttgataaatgtttattcggttacactctagacga
atggcaacagattgaagagaaaatgaaaaccttacctatgacaaaaaaagacgcacgtaagtttatgcgt
atgttcttctctggtgctgttgaagtagaacttgataagcaagggcgtattaacatccctcaaaacttga
ggaaatacgctaatttaactaaagaatgtacagtaatcggtgtttcaaatcgtattgagatttgggatag
agaaacttggaatgatttctatgaagaatctgaagaaagtttcgaagatattgctgaagatttaatagat
tttgatttttaa
>Potential gene 6:3359..3529, 171 bp
atgatcgtattctcccatgaacattttttatcacctcaccttatatataatttaccacatctccccacta
tccaccactatttatacaaaatttgtgaaatttattttaaaaaacaaaaaaatgcccgatttatcattaa
gataaatcgggctaaacccttggtatattaa
>Potential gene 7:3526..5139, 1614 bp
atggactgtaaagtagttagtttaaatgaaaaagatcagtttataccaaaaataaagagcagtgaccctg
taataacaggattatttcaatatgacgcagctcaacaaactagttttgaaaaaaggatgtctaaagaaaa
taatggaagagaagcggcattagcgaatgttattcgtgaatatatgagtgatttaaagctttctagtgaa
caagaattaaacatacaacatttagctaatggttcaaaagttgtgattggtggacaacaagcagggcttt
tcgggggaccattgtatacattccataaaatattttcaatcattactttatctaaggaattaacggatac
acataagcaacaagtagtaccagttttttggattgcaggagaagatcatgatttcgatgaagtgaatcat
acatttgtttataacgaaaatcatgggtcgctgcataaggttaaatatcatacaatggagatgccagaga
cgactgtctctagatattatcctgataaggctgagttgaaacaaactttaaaaacgatgttcattcttat
gaaagaaactgttcatacacaaggtctactggagatttgtgacagaattattgaccaatatgactcgtgg
actgatatgtttaaagcaatactgcatgaaacatttaaagcatatggcgttctatttatagatgcgcagt
ttgagccgttaagaaaaatggaagcgcctatgtttaaaaagattttgaaaaaacatcagttgcttgatga
tgcttttagagcaacacaacaacgtactcaaaatcaaggcttgaatgcgatgatacaaacagatacaaat
gttcatttattcttacatgatgaaaatatgcgtcaattagtttcgtatgatggtaagcattttaaattaa
ataaaacagataagacatatataaaggaagaaattataaatattgcggaaaatcaacctgaattattttc
taataatgtagtgacaagaccattaatggaagaatggttatttaacacggtggcatttgttggaggaccg
agtgaaattaagtactgggctgaactaaaagatgtatttgaactatttgatgttgaaatgcctatcgtga
tgccaaggcttagaattacttatttaaatgaccgtatagaaaaattactttcgaaatacaatattccatt
agaaaaagtgttagtcgatggtgttgaaggagaaagaagtaagtttattagagaacaagcatcacatcaa
tttattgaaaaggtagaaggtatgattgaacaacagcgtcgtctaaaccaagacttattagatgaagtgg
cggggaatcaaaataatattaaccttgtgaataaaaataatgaaattcatatacaacagtatgattattt
gttaaaacgttatcttttaaacattgaaagagaaaacgagatcagtatgaagcaatttagagaaattcaa
gaaacactccatccaatgggaggattacaagaaagaatatggaatccacttcaaattttgaatgattttg
ggacagatgtgttcaagccctccacctatccaccactttcttacacttttgatcatattattataaaacc
ttaa
>Potential gene 8:5334..5774, 441 bp
atgagtgaaatcaaacgtcttgaaattaattacaaaactgacgaattattcgaaaactttagagcgtttg
gcaacaaagacttatacatggtcaatgagttaaacggtcaaatgattgatgcaagttcagattcaccatt
ttatggcatatttgtcggagatcaattaggagctagaatggcattactaaaaaaaggtgatgtcgaagaa
atctacttcccagattttgaagattatatattattatggaagttagaagtattaccaaaatatcaaaaca
gagggtacgcttcagaattgattgattttgcaaagagtttcaacatgccaattaaagccattggcagaaa
tgattctaaggatttctttttacatcatggatttacagatgtggaagctaaaaatatagagggacatgat
gtcttattgtggaaaccataa
>Potential gene 9:5880..6575, 696 bp
atggggaaattgggatataaaaatattttgatagactttgatgatacaattgttgatttttatgatgcag
aagaatgggcgtttcactatatggcgaatgtttttaatcataaagcaacaaaagatgattttttaacatt
taaaaaaatcaatcaccaacattgggaagcttttcaacaaaataaattaacgaagtctgaagtattatca
gaacgatttgtgaattacttcaaacatcatcaaatggaagttgatgggcatcgtgcagatgtgttattta
gaaatggattagcagaagctaaagttaaatactttgatcaaacattagaaacaattgtcgaattatcgaa
aagacatgatttatatattgttactaatggtgtaaccgaaacgcaaaagagaaggttaaatcagacgccg
ttgcataaatatattaaaaagatatttatatctgaggaaacaggatatcaaaaacctaatccggaatttt
ttaattatgtttttaatgatattggtgaggatgaaagacagcactcgattatagttggagattctttaac
atctgacattctaggtggaatcaatgcgggtatagctacttgctggtttaattttagaggatttgatcat
aatccaggaattatacctgattatgaaattaattcatggaaacaactaaatgatattgtacgttaa
>Potential gene 10:7930..8118, 189 bp
atgagaaatcaaattcaaaaactattagacagtgatttgagcagtttacatatatcgaaacaaacaggag
ttccacaaagcacaatacacagaatgagaaaaaaagaaagatcattagacaatatgtcattgaaaaacgc
tgaactactttataaatttgccaatagtatatttagcaatgaaaattaa
>Potential gene 11:7964..8152, 189 bp
atgatgattgaagatttacaagggggtgtacaaaatgagaaatcaaattcaaaaactattagacagtgat
ttgagcagtttacatatatcgaaacaaacaggagttccacaaagcacaatacacagaatgagaaaaaaag
aaagatcattagacaatatgtcattgaaaaacgctgaactactttataa
>Potential gene 12:8367..9314, 948 bp
atgagacttcaaaaagcacctttagtaacgtcaggactagtcttaggattattaggcctgggtaatctat
taaaagacttatctcttactttaaacgctgtttgcggaatctttgctttcttgatttggattcacctttt
atgtactatgctcaaatattctaataatgtgaaagaacaattaaacagtcctctagtttcatcagtgttc
acaacatttttcatgtctggctttttaggtactacttatttaaatacattttttagtaacataactttta
tcaatagcttaataacgcctatttggattttatgccttgtgggaattatgacgcatatgattattttttc
aataaaatatttaaaagatttttcacttgaaaatgtttatccttcgtggactgtactttttattggtatt
gctatcgcaggattgacggcacccgttagcggatattttttcataggtcaattaacagtaatatatggct
ttgtagctacttgtattgtcttacctattgttttcaagcgattaaaagcatttccattgcagacgtcaat
caaaccgaacacatcgacaatttgtgcaccattttctttagtcgctgcagcatatgttatagcatttcct
aaggcgaatgcttttatcgtaattatatttttaatattagctcaaatattttatttttatatcattatac
aattgcctaaattactaaaagaacctttttcgcccgtattttcagctttcacattccctttagtaatctc
agcaactgctttaaagaacagtttgcctgtacttatgtttccagacatttggaaaggtcttttgtttatc
gaagtgttattagctactgtaatagtacttagagtctttataggatatcttcacttctttttaaaaaagg
aaaatcaagataaatttcttcgtaatgcgtctcagtaa
>Potential gene 13:9620..9847, 228 bp
atgacacatttgacaaaggttttagatacactaactggaatatgcgtagtattattatttagtaaatatt
ttgtggcgtatgcaaatatggtgtttgattggaagttaagatggtatttgctagaaaacataccacattt
gccaattatattatttattctgatgtttattttcggagtaccttctgaaatgataaaagataggcaaagg
aaaaataacggcgtttaa
>Potential gene 14:10154..11659, 1506 bp
atgccaggtgcatttatgattttattcattttaacggttgttgcagttatagcaacatgggttattcctg
ctggtgcatattctaaactttcttacgaaccttcatcccaagaactaaagatagttaaccctcataacca
agtgaaaaaggttccgggtacgcaacaggaactagacaaaatgggggttaaaattaagattgaacaattt
aaatcaggtgcaattaataagccggtatcaattccgaatacttatgaaagattaaagcaacatccagctg
gaccagaacaaataacaagtagcatggttgaaggtacgatagaagcggtcgatatcatggtattcattct
tgtactagggggacttattggcgtagttcaagccagtggttcttttgaatcgggattgttagctttaacg
aagaaaacaaaagggcatgaatttatgctaattgtgtttgtatcaatactaatgattatcggcgggacat
tatgtggtattgaagaagaagctgtagcattctatccgattttagtccctatatttatagcgttaggata
cgattctatcgtttcagttggtgccatattccttgccagctctgtcggtagtacattttcaactattaac
ccgttctcggttgtaattgcctctaatgccgctggtacaacttttacggatggcttgtattggagaatag
gcgcttgtattgtcggtgcgatttttgttattagttatttatattggtactgtaaaaaaattaaaaaaga
tcctaaagcgtcatattcttatgaagacaaagatgcttttgaacagcaatggtctgtattaaaagatgac
gatagtgcccattttactttgcgtaagaagataatccttacattatttgtactaccatttccaattatgg
tatggggagttatgacgcaaggttggtggttcccagttatggcttcagcatttttaatatttgcaattat
aataatgtttattgctgggacaggtaaatctggattgggagaaaaaggaactgtagatgcatttgtcaat
ggcgcatcaagtttagtaggtgtatctttaattattggcttagctcgaggtattaatttagtgttgaatg
aaggtatgatttcagatacaatcttacacttttcatcatctttagttcaacatatgagtggaccattatt
tatcatcgtattactatttattttcttctgtttaggttttatcgtgccatcatcttctggattagcggta
ttatcaatgcctatctttgcaccactagctgatacagtaggtataccaagattcgtcatcgttacgacat
atcaatttggtcaatatgcgatgttattcttagcgccgactggacttgttatggccacactacaaatgtt
aaacatgcgatattcacattggttccgatttgtatggccggtagttgcttttgtattgattttcggtggc
ggagtactaattacgcaagtactaatttattcataa
>Potential gene 15:11881..13038, 1158 bp
atgttatttttgagcattgcttaccatctttccataatgctgatacgaaaattggtcaacaaatttttga
aaaatatggaattcgagaaatggaagttacagatgaagtattcgaaagtaaagcttcagttgtattccaa
gaagctgagaacagaatgcatacaatcaaagcagtcatggttgctacattgggtgaattttaaatgatat
aaggaagtgaatatgatggcgaaaatagtagtagcattaggtggtaatgctttaggaaaatcacctcaag
aacaactcgagcttgttaaaaatactgcgaaatcattagtaggattaataacaaaaggacatgagattgt
tattagtcatggtaatgggccacaggttggaagcattaatttgggacttaactatgctgcagaacacaac
caaggtccggcatttccatttgctgaatgtggcgcaatgagtcaagcttacataggctatcaattacaag
aaagcttacaaaacgaattgcattctattggaatggataaacaagtggtaacactagtgacacaagttga
agttaatgaaaatgatccggcatttaacaatccttcaaaaccaattgggttattttacaacaaagaagaa
gctgaacaaattcaaaaagaaaaaggatttatatttgttgaagatgctggaagaggatatagacgtgttg
ttccttcaccacaacccatctctattattgaattagagagtattaaaacacttattaaaaatgatacact
cgttattgctgctggtggtggagggataccagtaattagagagcaacatgatggttttaaaggtattgat
gcagttatagacaaagataaaacaagtgcgttgttgggtgctaatattcaatgcgatcaattgattattt
taacagcaattgattatgtatatattaattttaacactgaaaaccaacagcctttggaaacaacaaatgt
tgatgaattaaaacgatatatagacgaaaatcaatttgcaaaaggaagtatgttaccaaaaattgaagca
gccatatcatttattgaaaacaatccaaaaggaagtgtgcttataacatcattaaatgaattagatgctg
ccttagagggtaaagtaggtactgtgattaaaaagtaa
>Potential gene 16:12836..13837, 1002 bp
atgaaaaatttacgaaacagaagttttttaactttattagacttttcacgacaagaggtagaattcttat
taacactctccgaggatttaaaacgtgctaaatatattggcactgaaaagcctatgttaaaaaataaaaa
tattgcactgttatttgaaaaagattctacaagaacacgatgtgcatttgaagttgcagcacatgatcaa
ggtgcaaatgtaacttatttaggcccaactggatcacaaatgggtaaaaaagaaacaactaaagatactg
cacgtgtgcttggtggaatgtatgatggcattgaataccgtggtttttcacaaagaacagtagaaacttt
agctgaatattcaggcgtaccagtgtggaatggtttaactgatgaagatcatcctactcaagttcttgct
gatttcttaacagcaaaagaagtcttaaaaaaagattatgcagatattaactttacatatgttggagatg
gtcgtaataacgttgcaaatgcattaatgcaaggtgctgccattatgggtatgaacttccatttagtttg
tccaaaagaattaaatccaacagatgaattattaaatcgctgtaaaaatattgccgctgaaaatggtggc
aacatattaatcacagatgatattgaccaaggtgtaaaaggttcggatgtaatttacactgatgtttggg
tatcaatgggtgaacctgatgaagtatggaaagaacgacttgaattattgaaaccatatcaagtaaataa
agaaatgatggataaaactggtaatccaaatgttatttttgagcattgcttaccatctttccataatgct
gatacgaaaattggtcaacaaatttttgaaaaatatggaattcgagaaatggaagttacagatgaagtat
tcgaaagtaaagcttcagttgtattccaagaagctgagaacagaatgcatacaatcaaagcagtcatggt
tgctacattgggtgaattttaa
>Potential gene 17:14275..15000, 726 bp
atgaaaaagaacatcatgaataaattagttttatcaacagcattgttacttttaggaaccacatcaacac
aacttcctaaaacgccaatcagtttttcatctgaagcaaaagcctataatatcagtgaaaacgagactaa
tatcaatgaactaatcaaatattacactcagccgcatttttcattatctggaaaatggctatggcaaaag
cccaatggtagcattcatgcaacattgcaaacgtgggtttggtatagtcatattcaagtatttggtgctg
aaagttggggaaacattaatcagttaagagataaatacgttgatatattcggaactaaagatgaggatac
agttgaaggttactggacttatgatgaaacatttacaggtggtgtaacacctgcagctacatcatccgat
aagtcttataaattatttttaaaatatagcgataaacagcagactatcatcggtggtctcgaattttaca
aaggaaataaaccagtattaactttaaaagaactagatttccgtatccggcaaacattaataaataataa
aaagctatataacggagaatttaataaaggtcaaattaagattacgggtggcggtaataattatacgatt
gatttaagtaagaagttaaaattaactgacacaaaccgttatgttaaaaatcctcgacatgcagaaattg
aagtcattcttgaaaaatctaattaa
>Potential gene 18:15073..15798, 726 bp
atgaaaaaaaacattacgaaaaaaattattttatcatcagcgttgttactattaggcgctgtatcaacac
aacttcctaacacaccaatcagttctaaatctgaagctaaagcttattatattaatcaagaggaaacaaa
tgtaagtgagttaatcaagtattacactcagcaacatttaaccttttcaaataaatggttatggcaaaaa
gataatggcacaattcatgcaacgttacttcagatatcatggtatagccatattcaagtatttggccctg
aaagttggggtaatattaatcaattaagagataaatatgtagatattttcggcataaaagaccaagaaac
tattgactcatatgcactatctcaagaaacatttactggtggcgttacacctgcagcaaaacctaacgat
aaacactataaattgaatgtaacatataaagataaagatgaaacatttattggtggatatccattttata
caggtaataagccagttttaactttaaaagaagttgatttccgtatccgacaaacattaattaaaaacaa
aaaattatatcaagataaatataataaaggtcaactcacgattactggtgacgataataattacacaatt
gatttaagtaagagattaccgtcaactgacgcaaataaatatgttaaaaatcctcaaaatgccaaaattg
aagttaccctcgaaaaatctaactag
>Potential gene 19:15878..16624, 747 bp
atgataaatccacagaaaggagatgttcaaatgaaaaagaacatcacgaacaaaataatattaacagcaa
cattgttaatattaggtacttcttcagctcaacttcctaacacaccaatcggtttttcatctgaagctaa
agcttatcatattggccaagacgaaacgaacatcaatgaattaatcaaatattacacacaaaagcctctc
acattttcaaatagatggttataccaatatgatgacggcaacatttatgttgaatttaagcgttattctt
ggtctgcacatatacgcttatggggtgctgaaagttggggcaacattaatcaattaagagaccgctatgt
agacgtgtttggtttaaaagacaaagacactagacgattatggtgggtatatactgatacatttacaggt
ggtgttacacctgcagcatcgtcttctgataagccttataatatttatgtacaatataaagataaactac
aaacatttatcggcgcacataagatatatcaaggtaacaaaccagttttaacgttaaaagaaattgattt
ccgagtacgtgaatcattaataaaaaataaaatactatataatgaaaatcgcaataaaggtaatattcat
attaccggtggtggtaataactttacaattgatttaagtaaaagattacattctgatcttgcaaatgttt
atgttaaaaatcctcaaaaaataacagtcgaagtcctcattgattaa
>Potential gene 20:16714..16911, 198 bp
atggggtggggccccaacacagaagctgacgaaaagtcagcttacaataatgtgcaagttggggatgggc
cccaacacagagaatttcaaaaagaaattctacagacaatgcaagttggagcggcccccaacacagagaa
tgattttgcatttctattagactccaaatcccatttaatattctgtgtactaatttaa
>Potential gene 21:17018..17215, 198 bp
atgaaagagttgaatgaaataataaacgctattcaatttttgtttgagtctgaatcaggctacaaaatat
cgaaaaattcaggggtgccgtatcagaccgtgcaagatttgaggaatggtaaaacgaaaatagaagatgc
tagatttagaacgattataaaactatatagttattatgctacattaaaagagcagtaa
>Potential gene 22:17922..18962, 1041 bp
atgtctcaactgcattattctaaattgacatattgattattgtttcctcaaatcgttttaaaaaatagaa
ggatgatgaaaatgaaaacacgtatagtcagctcagtaacaacaacactattgctaggttccatattaat
gaatcctgtcgctaatgccgcagattctgatattaatattaaaaccggtactacagatataggaagcaat
actatagtaaaaacaggtgatttagtcacttatgataaagaaaatggcatgcacaaaaaagtattttata
gttttatcgatgataaaaatcacaataaaaaaatattagtcatcagaacgaaaggtaccattgctggtca
gtatagagtttatagcgaagaaggcgctaataaaagtggtttagcctggccttcagcctttaaggtacag
ttgcaactacctgataatgaagtagcacaaatttctgattactatcctagaaattcaattgatactaaag
aatatatgagtacattaacttatggattcaacggtaatgtgactggtgatgattctggaaaaattggcgg
tttgattggtgcaaatgtttcaattggtcatacactcaaatatgttcaaccagatttcaaaacaatttta
gaaagtccaactgataaaaaagtaggttggaaagttatatttaacaatatggtgaatcaaaattggggac
catacgacagagattcttggaacccagtatacggcaatcaacttttcatgaaaacaagaaacggttcaat
gaaagcagcagataacttccttgatcctaacaaagcaagttctctattatcttcagggttttcaccagac
ttcgctacagttattactatggataggaaagcaaccaaacaacaatcaaatatagatgtaatatacgaac
gagttcgtgatgactatcaattacattggacttcaacaaattggaaaggtactaatactaaagataaatg
gacggatcgttcttcagaaagatataaaatcgattgggaaaaagaagaaatgacaaattaa
>Potential gene 23:19362..19649, 288 bp
atgaataagttaaacttaaattgaatcagtttaaatgttcaaggaggatgacaaatggtttttaaagatt
ggaaagttaatgttgtttacactgggaaacatgaagttgttacaaatgaaaataatttatttgtcataga
tgaagattatgatgtcgcaatcgcaatcaattatatagacaataaattaaaggtcagtcatgttaactat
ggatctgaatttacaattgactcatctaacaaagtacttgaattgatgattcataatccaaatattgacg
agaattaa
>Potential gene 24:19683..19841, 159 bp
atgcatgctatatatacaatgatgttatacacaatgttaatttttggtcaccaccttagctgttatattt
taaatgcttggaaatcgtgcatttttaagtgtaatgattatctgaatctttgattaccgtttgtttttcg
tttaaaagactatatatag
>Potential gene 25:19840..20058, 219 bp
atgattaacttcggactaattatagtaccgctgttaactacgacagacgcagattttgtatggacatctt
cgtcattaatatatatggttcttttaacactgcttatcttaattgtttatattaaaactaaagatagttt
acagttaacaatatttatacttagtgttgcattaataattctatactgcgcacctttattattcatttat
gtgttctag
>Potential gene 26:20266..20451, 186 bp
atgaataaacatataaataaaaagaccacaaagcatcttgaagattataaaaaggttcaacaaagaaatt
cggaagaaacaaatagaggttgtttaaaaagtgtcgccatgcttatcgtcttatttttattcattatatt
tggtattgtggcatgttctacacacgttaactttttcttccaataa
>Potential gene 27:20392..20613, 222 bp
atgagcaatgaatatacaataataggggagactaatacaaatataatagttagaaatgttatgcacaaaa
ttgctttgtacaatctaaaaaatatttataatgctcccatagataaaatcaaatgctgtaagaaacgtag
tgaatattactcaatcagcatattattggaagaaaaagttaacgtgtgtagaacatgccacaataccaaa
tataatgaataa
>Potential gene 28:20704..21054, 351 bp
atgaaaattaaaaaatatatagtagcaggaacattagcagtactattatcaacaacagcagtatcaacgt
taaacgggaacaaagcagaagcaagtagttatgacaattatttaactcaaagtaaatatcacgataaaaa
aattgctgaagagttgaaatcactacttagacaatcgaacgtatatgacttggctgcaggtagcttaaat
cgatattacaaacgtacgattatgatgaatgaatatagagcaaaagcagcactaaagaaaaatgatttca
aatcaatggctgaagctaaagttggattagaaaacatttacaaagaaattgatgaaattataaatagata
a
>Potential gene 29:21388..21552, 165 bp
atgatggtacttttaaatatcaatctagaccaaaatttaactcaacacctaaatatattaagtttagaca
tgattataacattgtggaatataatgacggtacatttggatatggaccacgtccgcattttaataaacca
gcagcgaaaactgatgcaactataa
