>Potential gene 1:113..511, 399 bp
atgacaatgacagatccaatcgcagatatgcttactcgtgtaagaaacgcaaacatggtgcgtcacgaga
agttagaattacctgcatcaaatattaaaaaagaaattgctgaaatcttaaagagtgaaggtttcattaa
aaatgttgaatacgtagaagatgataaacaaggtgtacttcgtttattcttaaaatatggtcaaaacgat
gagcgtgttatcacaggattaaaacgtatttcaaaaccaggtttacgtgtttatgcaaaagctagcgaaa
tgcctaaagtattaaatggtttaggtattgcattagtatcaacttctgaaggtgtaatcactgacaaaga
agcaagaaaacgtaatgttggtggagaaattatcgcatacgtttggtaa
>Potential gene 2:536..1072, 537 bp
atgagtcgtgttggtaagaaaattattgacatccctagtgacgtaacagtaacttttgatggaaatcatg
taactgttaaaggtcctaaaggtgaattatcaagaactttaaatgaaagaatgacattcaaacaagaaga
aaacacaattgaagttgtaagaccatctgattctaaagaagatagaacaaaccatggtacaactcgtgct
ttattaaacaatatggtacaaggtgtttctcaaggatacgtaaaagtacttgaacttgttggtgtaggtt
accgtgctcaaatgcaaggtaaagacttaatccttaacgttggttattctcacccagtagaaattaaagc
tgaagaaaacattactttctcagttgagaaaaacacagtcgttaaagttgaaggtatttcaaaagaacaa
gttggagcattagcatctaacatccgttcagtaagacctccagagccttacaaaggtaaaggtattcgtt
accaaggtgaatacgttcgccgtaaagaaggtaaaactggtaaataa
>Potential gene 3:1103..1462, 360 bp
atgatcagtaaaattgataaaaataaagtgcgtttaaaaagacatgctcgtgttcgtactaacttatcag
gtacagctgaaaagccacgtttaaacgtatatcgttcaaacaagcatatctacgctcaaattattgatga
taataaaggcgtaacattagctcaagcttcttcaaaagacagcgacattgctactacagcaactaaagtt
gaattagcaactaaagtcggtgaagcaattgctaaaaaagctgctgacaaaggcattaaagaaatcgtat
ttgaccgtggaggatatttatatcacggacgtgttaaagcattagctgaagcagcaagagaaagcggatt
agaattttaa
>Potential gene 4:1483..1983, 501 bp
atggctcgtagagaagaagagacgaaagaatttgaagaacgcgttgttacaatcaaccgtgtagcaaaag
ttgtaaaaggtggtcgtcgtttccgtttcactgcattagttgtagttggagacaaaaatggtcgtgtagg
tttcggtactggtaaagctcaagaggtaccagaagcaatcaaaaaagctgttgaagcagctaaaaaagat
ttagtagttgttccacgtgttgaaggtacaactccacacacaattactggccgttacggttcaggaagcg
tatttatgaaaccggctgcacctggtacaggagttatcgctggtggtcctgttcgtgccgtacttgaatt
agcaggtatcactgatatcttaagtaaatcattaggatcaaacacaccaatcaacatggttcgtgctaca
atcgatggtttacaaaaccttaaaaatgctgaagatgttgcgaaattacgtggcaaaacagtagaagaat
tatacaattaa
>Potential gene 5:2196..2636, 441 bp
atgaaattacatgagttaaaaccggcagaaggttcacgtaaagaacgcaatcgtgttggacgtggtgttg
cgacaggtaacggtaaaacaagtggtcgcggacacaaaggtcaaaaagctcgttcaggcggtggtgtaag
accaggatttgaaggtggtcaattaccattattccgtcgtttaccaaaacgtggttttactaacataaat
cgtaaagaatatgctattgttaacttagaccaacttaataaatttgaagatggtactgaagtaactccag
ctttattagtagaatctggtgttgttaagaatgaaaaatctggtatcaaaatactaggtaatggttcact
tgataagaaattgacagtgaaagctcataaattctcagcttcagcagcagaagctattgatgctaaaggt
ggagcacacgaggtgatctaa
>Potential gene 6:2636..3928, 1293 bp
atgattcaaacccttgtgaacttctttagaacaaaagaggttcgtaacaagattttcttcacactagcaa
tgttagtaatttttaaaatagggacttatataccagctccaggagtaaatcctgcagcttttgataatcc
ccaaggttctcaaggtgccactgagttattaaatacttttggtggcggagccttgaaacgattttctatt
tttgcaatgggtattgtaccctacatcactgcatcaatcgtaatgcaattattacaaatggatattgtcc
ctaaattctcagaatgggcaaaacaaggtgaagtaggtagaagaaagttaaataacgttactcgttattt
agcaatttctttagcatttatccaatctataggtatggcattccaatttaataattatctcaaaggtgcg
ctgattatcaatcagtcaattatgagttatttattaatagcactagttttgacagcaggaactgctttct
taatatggcttggtgatcaaatcactcagttcggtgttggtaatggtatttctattatcatatttgcggg
tattttatcaacgttgccagccagtctaattcaatttggacaaactgcgttcgttgggcaagaagataca
tcattagcatggttgaaagtattaggacttttagtgtcactgatactattaactgtaggtgctatttatg
tacttgaagccgttcgtaaaattccgattcaatatgctaagaaacaaactgctcaaagattaggttcaca
ggcaacttatctacctttaaaagtgaactcagccggtgttattcctgtaatctttgcaatggcgttcttc
ttactgcctagaacattaacgttgttctatccagataaagaatgggcacaaaacattgcgaatgctgcaa
atccttcaagtaatgttggtatggttgtatatattgtactaattatactattcacatacttctatgcatt
tgtacaagttaatccggaaaaaatggctgataaccttaagaaacaaggtagctatgttccaggtattaga
cctggtgaacaaaccaaaaaatatattactaaagttttatatcgtttaacttttgtaggttctatcttct
tagccgttatttcaattctaccgatattagcaactaagtttatgggattaccacaatcaattcagattgg
tggtacaagtttacttatcgttattggtgtagcgattgaaacaatgaaatctttagaagctcaagtatct
caaaaagaatataaaggctttggtggtagataa
>Potential gene 7:3945..4592, 648 bp
atgaatatcattttgatgggtttacctggcgcaggtaaaggaactcaagcaagtgaaattgtcaagaaat
tcccaataccccacatttcaactggtgacatgttcagaaaagctataaaagaagaaactgaattaggtaa
agaagctaagtcttatatggaccgtggcgaattagttcctgatgaagtgactgtaggtatcgttaaggaa
agaatttctgaagacgatgcaaaaaaaggctttttattagatggcttcccaagaacaatcgagcaagctg
aggcattaaataatattatgtctgagcttgacagaaacattgatgctgtcatcaatatcgaagttccgga
agaagaattaatgaaccgtcttacaggtcgtcgaatctgtgagtcatgtggtacaacgtatcatcttgta
tttaatcctccgaaggtcgaaggtatttgtgatatcgatggtggtaaattgtatcaacgagaagatgata
atcctgaaacggtagctaatcgtttgagtgttaatattaaacaatctaagcctattttagatttctatga
tcaaaaaggtgtattgaaaaatattgatggttcaaaagatattagcgacgttaccaaagatgtcattgat
attttagatcatttgtaa
>Potential gene 8:4785..5003, 219 bp
atggctaaacaagatgtaattgaattagaaggtactgtattagatactttaccgaacgcaatgtttaaag
tagaattagaaaatggtcatgagattttagctcacgtaagtggtaaaatcagaatgaattacattcgtat
tctacctggcgacaaagtaactgttgagatgtctccgtacgatttaacacgcggaagaattacttatcgt
tataaataa
>Potential gene 9:5171..5536, 366 bp
atggcacgtattgcaggagtagatattccacgtgaaaaacgcgtagttatctcattaacttatatatacg
gtatcggtacgtcaactgctcaaaaaattcttgaagaagctaacgtatcagctgatactcgtgtgaaaga
tttaactgatgacgaattaggtcgcatccgtgaagttgtagacggttataaagtcgaaggtgacttacgt
cgtgaaactaacttaaatatcaaacgtttaatggaaatttcatcataccgtggtatccgtcaccgtcgtg
gtttaccagttcgtggtcaaaaaacgaaaaacaacgcgcgtactcgtaaaggaccagttaaaacggtagc
taacaagaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 10:5560..5949, 390 bp
atggcacgtaaacaagtatctcgtaaacgtagagtgaaaaagaatattgaaaatggtgtagcacacatcc
gttcaacattcaacaacactattgtaactatcactgatgagttcggtaatgctttatcatggtcatcagc
tggtgcattaggattcaaaggatctaaaaaatcaacaccatttgcagcacaaatggcttctgaaactgca
tctaaatcagctatggagcatggtttaaaaacagttgaagtaacagttaaaggacctggtccaggtcgtg
aatcagctattcgtgcattacaatctgcaggtttagaagtaactgcgatcagagacgttactccagtacc
tcataacggttgtcgtccaccaaaacgtcgtcgtgtataa
>Potential gene 11:6024..6971, 948 bp
atgatagaaatcgaaaaacctagaattgagacaattgaaattagtgaagatgctaaattcggtaagttcg
ttgttgaaccactagaacgtggctacggtactacactaggaaactccttacgtcgtatcctactatcttc
attaccaggtgcagccgttaagtatattgaaattgagggagttttacatgaattctcagcagtagacaat
gtagttgaagatgtttctacaattattatgaacattaaacaattagcattgaaaatttactctgaagaag
ataaaactttagaaattgatgtacgtgatgaaggcgaagtaacagcaagcgacattacacatgatagtga
tgttgaaattttaaacccagagcttaaaattgcaacagtatctaaaggtggtcacttaaaaattcgtcta
gttgctaacaagggtagaggttacgcattagcagaacaaaataatactagtgatttaccaattggtgtaa
tccctgttgattcattgtattcacctgttgaacgtgtgaactatactgttgaaaatacacgtgtaggtca
aagcagtgattttgataaattaacattggatgtttggactaatggttcaatcacaccacaagaatcagtt
tcattagcagcaaaaataatgactgaacacttgaatatcttcgttggtcttactgatgaagcgcaaaacg
ctgaaatcatgattgaaaaagaagaagatcaaaaagaaaaagtattagaaatgtctattgaagaattaga
cttatctgtacgttcatataactgcttaaaacgcgcaggaatcaattctgttcaagagttagctgacaaa
tctgaagctgacatgatgaaagtgcgtaatttaggtcgtaaatctttagaagaagttaaatacaaattag
aagatttaggattaggattaagaaaagaagattgataa
>Potential gene 12:6985..7353, 369 bp
atgggttacagaaaattaggtcgtacttctgatcaacgtaaagctatgttacgtgacttagctacatcac
ttattattagtgaacgtattgaaactacagaagctcgtgcaaaagaagttcgcagtgttgttgagaaatt
aatcactttaggtaaaaaaggagatttagcttctcgtcgtaatgcagctaaaactttacgtaatgttgaa
atcttaaacgaagatgaaactacacaaactgcacttcaaaaattatttggtgaaatcgcagagcgttaca
cagaacgtcaaggtggttacactcgtatccttaaacaaggccctcgtcgcggtgacggtgctgaatcagt
aattatcgaattagtataa
>Potential gene 13:7780..8721, 942 bp
atgagtcagaaaatactagtaatatatagagaacccagtcaatgtcatatacagcgatttataaatattg
taaaatatgatagatacacgaatcgtaaaggagagagacaagtggaggataagaattcagttattgtatt
taaaaatgtttcatttcaatatcaaagtgatgcatccttcacattgaaagatgtttcttttaatatacct
aaaggtcagtggacatctattgttggtcataacggttctggaaaatctacaattgccaagttaatgattg
gcatagagaaagttaaatctggagaaattttttataataatcaagctataactgatgataattttgaaaa
gttaagaaaagacataggaattgtatttcagaatccggataatcaatttgttggttcaattgtaaaatac
gatgtggcatttggactcgaaaatcatgcggttccatatgacgaaatgcatagaagagtcagcgaagcac
ttaaacaagttgatatgttagaacgtgcagattatgaacctaatgcattatcggggggacagaagcagcg
tgtggctatagcaagtgtattagcacttaacccctctgtcattatattagatgaggcgacttctatgtta
gatcctgatgcacgtcaaaatttattggatttagtgagaaaagttaaatcagaacataatattacaatca
tttctattacgcatgatttatctgaggcgatggaagcagatcatgttatcgttatgaataaagggactgt
ctataaagaaggcacagcgactgaaattttcgacaatgcagaagagttaacaagaataggtctagatttg
ccattcccaatcaaaataaatcaaatgctgggacaccaaacatcattcttaacttatgaagggctggtgg
atcaactatgactatacggtttgacaatgtaa
>Potential gene 14:8697..9557, 861 bp
atgactatacggtttgacaatgtaagttatacctatcaaaaagggacaccatatcagcatcaagctattc
atgatgttaatacagaatttgaacaaggtaaatattacgccatcgttggacaaacgggtagtggtaaatc
aacgttgatacaaaatattaatgcgctgttaaagccgactactgggacagttacagttgatgacattact
attacacataagaccaaagataaatatattagacctgtaagaaaaagaattggaatggtatttcaatttc
ccgaatctcaattatttgaggacacagtagagcgtgaaatgatatttggacctaaaaactttaaaatgaa
tttagatgaagccaaaaactatgcccatcgtctgttgatggatttaggcttttcaagagatgtaatgtca
caatcaccatttcaaatgtcaggtggacaaatgcgtaaaatagcgattgtatcgatattggcaatgaatc
ctgatattatcgtggttgatgaacctacagcaggacttgatccacaaagtaaacgacaagtaatgagatt
actaaagtcactacaaacagatgaaaataaggcaattatcctaatttcacatgatatgaatgaagtcgcg
cgttatgcagatgaagtcatcgttatgaaagaaggtagtatagtgtcgcaaacatcaccaaaagagctct
tcaaagataaaaaaaaattggcggattggcatattggtttgccagaaattgttcagttacaatatgactt
tgaacaaaaatatcaaacaaaattaaaagatattgccttaactgaagaagcatttgtaagcttgtataag
gagtggcaacatgaaaaataa
>Potential gene 15:9504..10175, 672 bp
atgaatagtggcactagtaatggaataaatgatttaatacgtgttgcaatgttccctgaacttatttcag
aaccacgcgacttttgcgccaaaatgattttatctaactcatccattaacgtcgggatgaatcgtaacgc
aatggacattatcatacttaattgatgaactggtaatttaaacatctttagtggtgcaagtaatctttca
aacgcatctgttaaatcaattggacttgtagatagtgtcataattgttgcaatcattacaatcccaatta
aacgcagtgatatatatagcccttctaaaataccattagtttcaatcgtgatgccatgccattcaactaa
tacatatccacctttagttaaaaatatatgcatcattaatgtgaagattaaaaagaaaaatattggtgtt
aaacctttgattaggaaccataattgaatttttgctaatctcataatgaataagataagtgcaaacaccc
aaagatatgttaatggtgaatgacagaaaaatattaatataataaaaagaaaaacaaacattaactttgc
tcttggatcaagatgatgaacaaaagaattaattggtaaatatcgccctataatcaatttatttttcatg
ttgccactccttatacaagcttacaaatgcttcttcagttaa
>Potential gene 16:10358..11266, 909 bp
atgcgtatattagtagaaattgcgtatcaaggaaataattttctaggttttcaaattcaacaaaatggtc
gaacggtacagcaacaatttgaaaagctattacaacgcatgcataaaagacatgtgagaatccatccttc
aagtaggactgatagaggtgtacatgcgatacagcaatactttcatttcgacacagagctgaatatacct
atgtcacaatggcaatatgcaatgaaccgaacgttacctgatgatatttatgtcaacaatgtagttacag
tcgatgacgattttcattgtcgttatgattgtgtaggtaaacgttatcgctacaaagtatatcaagcaca
acaccgcgatccatttcaaagtggtttgaaaacatttattcctgaaacgttggatttaggtaaaatgaac
agagcggcgcaacaattcataggtacacatgattttacgggattttgttcgcaaaaaactgaagtagaaa
gcaaagttagaacattataccaaagtgaaatcgtaaagacagatgatggctttgattatattgtcactgg
atctggatttttatataacatggtgcgtgtcttagttgcatttttaatagaagttggaaaagggcgacat
gaagtatctgatgtaccaaaacttcttgaatcaaagaatcgtaagaatgtacctttcactgcaccggctg
aaggattatatttagagaaaatttatttagatgaaaatgagttattaaaagactttggtaacgatatcaa
aatacatcgtaaaaaatcattacaaaatgactgattgccattgacaaaaagcttgtgaaattataagatt
attaacggtattgttttatatccaccccacgataagccccggaaacttattgtgttacaagatatataa
>Potential gene 17:11401..11838, 438 bp
atgcgtcaaacatttatggcaaatgaatcaaacattgagcgcaaatggtatgttatcgatgctgaaggcc
aaacattaggtcgtttatcatcagaagtagcatctatcttacgcggtaaaaataaagtaacttacacacc
acacgttgatactggtgattatgtaatcgttattaatgcatcaaaaatcgaatttactggtaacaaagaa
actgacaaagtttactaccgtcactcaaatcacccaggtggtatcaaatcaatcactgctggtgaattaa
gaagaactaacccagaacgtttaattgaaaactcaattaaaggtatgttaccaagcactcgtttaggcga
aaaacaaggtaaaaaattatttgtatatggtggcgctgaacatccacacgctgcacaacaaccagaaaac
tacgaattacgtggttaa
>Potential gene 18:11852..12250, 399 bp
atgactttggcacaagttgaatatagaggcacaggccgtcgtaaaaactcagtagcacgtgtacgtttag
taccaggtgaaggtaacatcacagttaataaccgtgacgtacgcgaatacttaccattcgaatcattaat
tttagacttaaaccaaccatttgatgtaactgaaactaaaggtaactatgatgttttagttaacgttcat
ggtggtggtttcactggacaagctcaagctatccgtcacggaatcgctcgtgcattattagaagcagatc
ctgaatacagaggttctttaaaacgcgctggattacttactcgtgacccacgtatgaaagaacgtaaaaa
accaggtcttaaagcagctcgtcgttcacctcaattctcaaaacgttaa
>Potential gene 19:12283..12501, 219 bp
atgacagtaatattttctttttgttgtttttttaaccttttatcgtttagagtaaagtattcaaatcact
tcacttccaaaaaaataacagaatatcaactatttattgttctccacatttcatggttcttcatctttta
tggtgggaaggtaaaaattcatttatattctacacattccatattcgccgcaaaaacgcaaaaaaacacc
tcgacataa
>Potential gene 20:12368..12577, 210 bp
atgaagaaccatgaaatgtggagaacaataaatagttgatattctgttatttttttggaagtgaagtgat
ttgaatactttactctaaacgataaaaggttaaaaaaacaacaaaaagaaaatattactgtcataattgg
aaatacaccgtattctgctggtcaatctagtgtaaataatgataataaaaaaatgaatatgaaaaattaa

>Potential gene 21:12978..13925, 948 bp
atgaaacatcaatcaattgtgaatttgaaaagtttgaatgttttacccgataaaaacaatgattggatta
atcaacgagacataaactatgagaattatttaccaatgtatgattccaaggatattgaaaattctatata
tttagatcaatttaatggagtaaattcagcaagagataattgggtaacaaatttttcgaatgaaaaagca
ttagtaaatgcaaaattacttgtagataactataattctgaaatagatagattaattgatatcttagatt
caagagaacgtataaatttagtgaacaaagatgaaacatttattagttggacacgaggacttacccaaaa
attttctaaaggaaaaaatatttcaattaatccagagagaattgttaaatttatgcatagaccatttaca
aaaaaatggatagtgtacgacaaaaatattatggaaatgccaagtagatattataatataatggagaata
ctggacaggtgatttatatacaaggacagggaatgaataaagaattctcggctatgatcacggacatatt
acctaatttccaatttattggtaatggcaaaggctttgctacatacaaaggtaaagatagtttgaggctt
gtagataatatttctaattcttttaaaaagaaaataaatcttaattcagaagagatagtatattatatat
atgcaattttgcatcataaatattatgtgaacaaatattcaagtgatttgagtaaaggttttccgcgaat
accgatattaaaggatgtatatggatttgttgaaattggtagggagttagtggaattacatttaaattat
gaaaaacaactcaattgggatggtgtagaaataatttataataatatgaatccgaattataaagttgaaa
aatgaagcaccctaaaaagggcgtgttggatacagtaa
>Potential gene 22:13889..14182, 294 bp
atgaagcaccctaaaaagggcgtgttggatacagtaatatacaataccgatattacagttactaacattc
caaataaagtatataattatattgtgaatggcaagcctgctattgaatggattatagatcagtacaacgt
aagcatcgacaagaaatctggaatattagatgatcctaatgaatttagtgaagatccgaattacatttta
aatctgcttttatcagttattactgtaagtatgaaaactcttggattaatagataaattaccagattttg
aagtattagattaa
>Potential gene 23:14243..14986, 744 bp
atggatttattacagatagagaagaaaggtaaccttactaaaacagttcagttgatgcatgatgaaaaag
gtagtgcaagtggtgaatctaaagtgaacatggaatttggtaagcaaagcgctgtaaaacaaatttttga
ttctttacttgggatgtcagcgagtgcttcggctagtgcaggtataaatggaaatataactggagagcga
gtagccaaaacaattttagagaatacattaatatatgattttttggatacagtagagtttagaaagaaaa
aaactattattgatatttcagaggggtttaaactaaatattcaacaagatacgatgacatatttcgcgac
tattacccccatagcaagtatgtttgaaggatctaaacatctagacgaggaggagctatcatttgatgtt
tcaaaaatgaatgaagcgattagaagtattaaaggctattttgaattaataggaacaagagggaatgaaa
acagagtttttagatttaatatagaatcttttaaaaataactatagaatacaagatttaaaatttatgaa
tttaacactctactcagtacttgttggtgaaataagcaaagaaaatctaaattacgataaagagtttgat
ctaaatcaaggtgccaaacctagtggaattggaaagtttaagggaattagatcagaagcaactaaagaag
ataaatatcaagtgtatgatgttattcttgcaggagtgaaataa
>Potential gene 24:14987..16123, 1137 bp
atggaaattcatgtttatacgggaccgctttgtggatttaatgaatatattaattctgaagttaaagaat
atcaccgcttcatggaattaatcagagaatacaatatcatagtgcgagcaagtgatacatttggaactca
tgatgttgatggtatttttgatactgagatagaaaatcttgtgatattttcaaacgactttgcttctgta
acaactcatgttattactaattttataaatatcgttactttaggtagaaatattaagaaaatctatattc
agaatcctccaaaaagagtatttcaatcactaaatagttttcacgattctgaaataatagaaataaacta
tgaatatacaacattaaaaaaagatgatgtaataaatttttataaagagcagatggctggttctaaaata
ataggtcaaacagacgctaaaaaacaaatgagcatagatttatataaacatacttccttagaaaataata
aaccgaccgtaatgctttactatggtccatcaggtgttggaaaaacagaattagccaaagaaatagcaaa
aaaatataaaggtaatatcactagaatacaattttctatgatgcagaatgatgaatcttttaattatatc
tttggagatgaacatgccaaagtatcattgtcaaaagatttagtagatcgtgaaactaatgttgttttaa
ttgatgaatttgataaggtattaccaatctattacaatgttttctatcaaatgtttgatgaaggtattat
tgaagatgccaattataaagtagacgtttcaaattgtattttcattctaacatctaattttaatagtatt
gaagaagcaatagttaatattggagaaccggtattttctagaatagattcctgtattaaatttttatatt
taacacaggaagaaaagcagaaagtaatagaaaataaattaaatgaaatactatcatctctaaatgaaaa
agaaaaaagaatagttaccgcatataacttgttagagaaatataaagagacagaaatagatatcgataac
attaggtatttaaagaaaataataacaaatgatatttatacaataatttttgaagatgaattatttaata
cggatattatagattaa
>Potential gene 25:16252..17658, 1407 bp
atgaataatagtaattttttaaatgtagagttaataggtactaaaataataacaatggaagacttttata
aaatgaaggaagaagaatttttcttaaaatctaagctacctttatatttatattccttcaactatgtaga
tgaatatacaatgaaattacttgatagaggaagaatatctatattaaatacgaaaacaaataaagattgt
atatttgacatttcaaagtatatacatgagaatattatattcagaagagatatatttgaattaaatgata
taagagatgatgatttgaagtataaaattaatggttacaatattgaggtatacttaagtggtgaattgga
gaaaattgtaaaacatttattcgaaaacaagtttgatgtagagtatggtttttatattttatttattaaa
ccaatatttgaaattgttttttcttctaactatgttaaagaagaattcaatacaaaaatcgaatcatcag
aatatagagagagcttagatagttttaatgaaattttaatgaaatatctagaaaatgaaataaatttcaa
agaagtatggaaaaaatatattgatgaattatttaaaaaattaaatgttcaaaaattgttaattcataaa
aaaatagaaagtttaatatcctcgtatgataaaaaaatatctgatgattgtagtatgtactcaaaagtat
ttgaacaatataaaaaaaacgttgtattggataaagtatattactctgaagtttataaatatagtgataa
tttgataaaagtattctctgaagacgtttggaacataatggggtataaaaaatataatgaatattttaca
aacagagatgatactacattaaaaattactaatttatatattgggcaatcttttggtacagagggtaata
gaaatgtcattgatagaatagggaaaggtcatgaaaaattacaagaaattatgacttatcagccagaaaa
tagaaagactgtcttaatattttacaagatacagcctgacaatatttatattacaaaccaatatggtaaa
gaggctgtgtctcgattaaaaagaattttagagcaaagtatacctaataaagaatatattgatttatcag
agatatcattaattacattttttaaaccagaatataataaacaacatgtgaatgaggagtttaattcttt
atcttcttcgaaaataaagaatttagccaaagaaaatgatggtattattatttatttaaattttaaggat
gttaattatcaactgataagtgaaggcaatacttttttttctgcaaaaccatatttgcattgtgtgttca
ataaagatattttaaatatggataaagttgatatagaaaattttttcaaaagtatagaagtcaaatacag
taaataa
>Potential gene 26:18043..18291, 249 bp
atgcttacacaatcaaaagtgtacattattaaattgtcatttagcttgcggagaccgtacgatagtgttc
taataatagatattcaagggaaagagctatcggatgataaccagatgataactcaagaaccatgatttaa
gagtgttatcaaaataaggagtgacttaattgaaagattctatattttggaagaaagcttttattcctgt
ttattttattgttgcgatgctggtgtttctactttttag
>Potential gene 27:18376..18600, 225 bp
atgagggatgttggattgattgatgtagaggattgttacgatatttttgggatgtggtgtttagtcaatg
gcgggctgaaattgtcgttttatggtgggctgaaaatgctgttttatgtcgggcttgaatttgtcgtttt
atggagatataaaaagccacagcaagacttagatctaactgtgacttatacatttcatacttatatttat
cgattggttttatag
>Potential gene 28:18848..20512, 1665 bp
atgactgataaaaagtacactgcagccgatatggttattgatactttgaaaaataatggggtagaatatg
tttttggtattccgggtgcaaagattgactatctatttaatgctttaattgatgatggtcctgaacttat
tgtcactcgtcatgaacaaaacgccgcaatgatggcgcaaggtattggaagattaacaggcaaaccgggt
gtagtacttgttacaagtggtcctggtgtaagtaatttaactactggattattaaccgcaacatctgaag
gggatcctgtattagcgttaggtggccaagtgaaacgtaatgatttattacgattaacgcatcaaagtat
tgataatgctgcgctattaaaatattcatcaaaatatagtgaagaagtacaagatcctgaatcattatca
gaagttatgacaaatgcaattcgaattgctacttcaggaaaaaatggcgcaagttttattagtattccgc
aagacgttatttcttcaccagttgaatctaaagctatatcactttgccaaaaaccaaatttaggagtacc
gagtgaacaagatattaatgatgtcattgaagcgattaaaaatgcatcatttcctgttttattagctggt
atgagaagttcaagtgcagaagaaacaaatgccattcgcaaattagttgagcgcacgaatttaccagttg
tagaaacattccaaggtgcaggtgtaattagtcgtgaattagaaaatcatttcttcggtcgtgtgggctt
attccgcaatcaagttggtgatgaattattacgtaaaagtgatttagttgttacaatcggttatgatcca
attgaatacgaagctagtaactggaataaagaattagaaacacaaattatcaatattgacgaagttcaag
ctgaaattactaattatatgcaaccgaaaaaagagttgattggtaatattgctaaaacgattgaaatgat
ttctgaaaaagtggatgagccatttataaatcaacaacatttagacgaattagaacaattaagaacacat
attgatgaagaaactggtattaaagcgacgcatgaagaaggaattctacatccagtggaaattattgaat
ctatgcaaaaggtattaactgatgatactactgtaacagttgatgttggaagtcactatatttggatggc
acgtaatttcagaagttacaatccaagacatttattatttagcaatggtatgcaaacgcttggtgtagca
ttaccgtgggcaatttcagctgcacttgtgcgccctaatacgcaagttgtgtccgttgctggcgatggtg
gctttttattttcatcacaagatttagaaacggccgtacgtaaaaatttaaatatcatccagcttatttg
gaatgatggaaaatataacatggttgaattccaagaagaaatgaaatataaacgttcgtcaggtgtagac
ttcggtcctgtagattttgtaaaatatgcagaatcatttggcgcgaaaggtttacgagttactaatcaag
aagaattagaagcggcaattaaagagggctatgaaacagatggtccagtattaattgatatacctgtaaa
ttacaaagataatatcaaactttcaacaaatatgttacctgacgtatttaactaa
>Potential gene 29:20549..21253, 705 bp
atgactaatgttttataccaacatggtacattaggcacattaatggcaggattattaaaaggaactgcat
caataaatgaattattgcaacatggtgacttaggtatcgctacactaacaggttcaaacggtgaggtaat
ctttttagatggaaaagcttaccatgcaaatgaacataaagaatttgtagaattaaaaggtgacgagtta
acaccatatgcaactgtaactaaatttgtagcagatacaagctatgaaacgaaagataaatcttcagaag
cagtttttgcagaaattaaggaaaagatgttgagtgaaaatttattttcagcagtaaaaatttcaggctt
atttaaaaaaatgcatgtacgtatgatgccggctcaagaaccaccttatacacgtttaatcgattcagct
agaagacaacctgaacaaactgaaacgtatgtcaaaggttcagtcgttggtttctttacaccagaattat
tccatggtatcggatcagcaggatttcatgtacactttgcgaatgatgatcgtaactttggtggacatgt
cttagattttgaagtagaagatgttaaagtagaaatccaaaatatagaaacatttgaacagcattttcca
attcaagataaagatttcactaaagcaaatattgactataaagatattgcagacgaaattagagaagctg
aataa
>Potential gene 30:21617..22042, 426 bp
atgaaactaaaatcatttgttactgccactttagcattgggattattatcaacggtcggagctgcattac
cgagtcacgaagcatctgcagatagtaataacggctataaagaaatgactgtggatggttatcacactgt
tccttacacaatttcagtagatggtattactgcattacatcgaacttactttatcttcccagaaaataaa
aatgttctttatcaagaaattgacagtaaagtaaaaaatgaattagcttctcaacgtggtgttacaacag
aaaaaattaataatgcccaaacagcaacttatacgcttactttgaatgatggtaataaaaaagtagtgaa
tctaaagaaaaatgacgacgctaaaaattcaattgatccaagtacaatcaaacagatacaaattgtagtt
aaataa
>Potential gene 31:22330..23199, 870 bp
atgagtatgtcaaagcgtctattattgtttgattttgatgaaacatattttaaacataatacaaatgaag
aagatttaagtcatttaagagaaatggaaaaattgttggaaaaactaactaataataatgaagtgatcac
tgctgtattgacaggaagtacatttcaaagtgtcatggataaaatggatcaagttaatatgacgtttaaa
ccattacatatcttttctgatttgagttctaaaatgttcacttggaataatggcgaatatgttgaatcag
aaacatataaaaagaaagtcttgagcgaaccatttttatttgaagatattgaagatatattacgtcatat
ttctgcgcaatataatgtcgaatttattccacaaagagcatttgaaggtaatgaaacacattataatttt
tattttcattcaacaggtaatcacaacaatgatagtcgtatcctagaagcacttgtcagatacgcaaatg
accaaaactatacagcgagatttagtcgaagcaatccattagctggtgatcctgaaaatgcgtatgatat
tgacttcacaccgtcaaatgctggaaaattatatgctactcaatttctgatgaggaaatataatatacca
gtaaaatcaatattaggttttggagatagcggcaatgacgaagcatatttaagctatcttgaacatgcat
atttgatgtcgaatagtagagatgaagcattaaagcagaaatttagattaacaaaatatccatattatca
agggataacactgcatgttaaagaatttgttgaaggtaagtatgattattgattagttgagtgatatgta
tactttttaagtgcaaatattaatatttaa
>Potential gene 32:23362..24231, 870 bp
atgaataaaacaaactttggggcttatttaaataaaagtaagagcaggaaaatatataagatttttgatc
aaaatttgaagcgagagtttagttattggcagtttaggaaacttttcaaatcttatacaaggcagtctga
tgtacatgaattaaaagtgtgtactcaaaatgatggtactattgagcaaatatggatagatgaagcaaat
caatttggagtgtcagtgacttggaaagataatagtattatcggatttgttatgcgtccgttaattaatt
atgatgcgattaagaatgaaacgactttaaaatacgcagtgccgacaacagattgctatgagattttttg
gggtggagataatgaattatataattatcactatttatacccacatcaaaggtatgctattgatttagtt
attaaagaaaatcataaaacatataagaatcaaggaaaagtaaatactgattatttttgttttggaaaag
atatcattgcgccagcaaatggtacagttgaaaaagtagtgaatggggttcaagacaacagtattggaag
tacgaatgaatcacagtttttaggaaattatattgtaattaagcacgcagaaaatgagtatagcttaata
gctcatttacaccaatattcaatcattgtgaatgaggggcaaaatgttaaatatggtgatatcattggga
aggttgggaattctggcaattctactgaacctcatatacattttcaagtaatgaatgataagaatattga
agcatgtacatctttaaaaattcgatttataaataatcgagaacttatcaaaggggatgtggtctgcgga
ttacaagctgaatgatggcgatacttataa
>Potential gene 33:24276..26705, 2430 bp
atgtcaatgacatatagaataaagaaatggcaaaaattatccaccattacgttattaatggctggtgtga
ttactttgaatggtggtgaattcagaagtgttgataaacatcaaatcgctgtggctgatacgaatgttca
aacgccagattatgaaaaattgaggaacacatggctggacgttaactatggttatgataagtatgatgag
aataatccagatatgaagaagaagtttgatgctacagagaaagaggcgacgaatttactcaaggaaatga
aaactgaaagtggtaggaaatacttgtggtcaggagcggaaacccttgaaactaattcttctcatatgac
tcgtacctatcgtaatattgagaaaatcgcagaagcgatgaggaatcctaaaaccactttaaatactgac
gaaaataagaagaaagtgaaagatgcccttgagtggctgcataaaaatgcatatggaaaagaaccagata
aaaaagtaaaagaattaagtgagaattttactaaaacaactggcaagaataccaacttaaattggtggga
ttatgaaattggaacacctaaatcattaacaaatacgcttatattgctgaatgatcaattttcaaatgaa
gaaaagaaaaaattcactgcccctattaaaactttcgccccagatagtgacaaaatattatcttctgtag
gaaaagctgaacttgctaaaggcggaaatctagtagacatttctaaggtgaaacttttagaatgtattat
cgaagaagataaagatatgatgaaaaagtctatagattcatttaataaagtcttcacttacgttcaagat
tctgccactggtaaagaacgtaatggattttataaagatggctcttacattgatcatcaagacgttccat
acactggtgcttatggcgttgtactcttagaggggatttctcaaatgatgccgatgataaaagaaacacc
ttttaatgataaaacccaaaatgatacaaccttaaagtcatggattgacgacggatttatgccactcatt
tataaaggtgaaatgatggatttatcacgaggtagagctatcagtcgtgaaaatgaaaccagtcactcag
catctgcaacagtaatgaaatcattgttgagattaagtgatgccatggatgattcaacaaaagctaagta
taaaaagattgtcaaatcttcagtagagtcagattcaagttataaacaaaatgattatttaaattcatat
tcggacatagataaaatgaagtctttaatgacagataacagtatttctaaaaacggattaacacaacaac
ttaaaatatataatgacatggatcgtgtcacctatcataacaaagacttagactttgcatttggtttaag
tatgacgtcgaaaaacgtagcacgctatgaaagtatcaacggagagaatttaaaaggttggcacactggt
gctggaatgtcttatttatataacagcgatgtcaaacactatcatgataacttctgggtgacagccgata
tgaaacgtttatcaggtacaacaactttagacaatgaaatattaaaagatacggatgataaaaagtcgag
taaaacttttgttggcggaacaaaagttgattaccaacatgctagtatcggaatggattttgaaaatcag
gacaaaactttaactgccaaaaaatcatatttcatattaaacgataaaattgtcttcttaggaactggca
ttaaaagtactgattcatcaaagaatccagttacaacgattgaaaatcgcaaagcgaatgggtatacgtt
atatacagacgataaacaaacaaccaattctgataatcaggaaaacaattcagtctttttagagtccaca
gataccaaaaagaacatcggttatcattttttaaacaaaccgaaaataactgtaaaaaaagaaagtcata
ctggtaagtggaaagaaataaataaaagtcaaaaggatacacaaaaaactgatgagtattatgaagtaac
tcaaaagcattctaattctgacaataaatatggatatgtgttgtatccaggcttatctaaagatgtcttt
aagacaaaaaaagatgaagtaactgtcgttaagcaagaagatgacttccacgttgtgaaagataatgaat
cggtttgggctggtgttaattatagtaatagcactcaaacttttgacattaacaacactaaagtcgaagt
taaagccaaaggtatgtttatacttaaaaagaaagatgataacacttatgaatgtagcttctataatcct
gaatctacaaattccgcttcagatattgaatctaaaatttcaatgaccggttactctattacaaacaaaa
atacgtcgacttctaatgaatccggcgtgcactttgaattaactaaataa
>Potential gene 34:27107..27523, 417 bp
atgaaaactaaagaagtcgtagcgctcatgaatatatctcaagacactttaagatattatgaaaaggttg
gtgtgattccaccagttaatcgagatgaaaatggatatagaatatataatgatagtgatttaaattggat
ttatttagtgaaaaatttgcgaaatgcaggcgtcagtattgaatcgcttatcgaattttgcaggttagcg
cagcttcctaaaaatgaaaatattcaagcacagcaaaagcaaattttaaataagcaactcgaagaattaa
atgaaaacttaaagacaattcatgatgtgagagatttactacaatataaaattgataattatgataatca
tattgctaaaatcaatgctagtgataattatgatgacaatgttgaacgtctttgggagagaaagtaa
>Potential gene 35:27593..28441, 849 bp
atgaatcatattgaaataagtaaagatgtaaagataccagtattaggtttcggagtatttcaaattcctc
aagaacaaacagcagaagcggttaaagaagcaattaaagcgggttatagacatattgatacagcacaaag
ttatttaaatgaaactgaagtaggtcaaggtattgaagcttcaggtattgatagaagtgaactattcatt
acgactaaagtatggattgaaaatgttaactatgaagatactatcaaatcaatcgaacgatcattacaac
gattaaatttggactatcttgatctagtgcttattcaccaaccttacaatgacgtatatggctcatggcg
tgcattagaagagttaaaagaaaatggtaaaattaaagcaatcggtgtatctaacttcggcgttgatcga
attgtagatttaggtattcacaatcaaattcaaccacaagtgaaccaaatagaaattaatccattccatc
aacaagaagaacaagttgcagcacttcaacaagaaaatgttgtggtagaagcttgggcaccatttgcaga
aggtaaaaatcaattattccaaaatcaattgttgcaggccattgcagataaatacaacaaatcaattgca
caagttattttacgctggttagtagaacgtgacattgttgtactcgcaaaatcagtgaatccagaacgta
tggctcaaaacttagatatatttgattttgaacttacagaagaagataaacaacaaattgcgacattaga
agaaagtaatagccaatttttctcacatgctgatccagagatgattaaagcacttacaagcagagaatta
gatgtttaa
>Potential gene 36:29688..29909, 222 bp
atgcttttaattttggagttgcgtttttggaatttggagtttggttttcggaattcgacatttggaattc
agaattataatgagtggaaaattttaattattgcgtgtttaatgacttggttttgtagcgatttttattt
gatgaattgtttttttgtttgatgttgggatgctacttttaatggtttgtcatttgtaagattaaaaata
aacataaaataa
>Potential gene 37:29946..30566, 621 bp
atgggtggcttatttgatgaaatttcaaaagatgggctttcgccagaatacttgttaagccgtgattatt
tagaagatgatcctgaaggttttatcaatttctgccataagcgcttactatttgtcgatacgatgcccaa
tatcgttcatgattggattgcaaaattagaacgtaatcaacaatctttaggtgtcatcacgcaaaatatc
gatggtttgcactcagacgctggaagtcaacatgttgatgaattacatggcacgttaaatcgtttttatt
gtaatgtatgtcataaatcttatacgaagtcagatgttattgatagaactttgaaacattgtgataattg
tggtggtgccattcgaccggacatcgtattatacggtgaaatgttagatcaacctaccatcataagggca
ttaaataaaattgaacatgctgacacccttgttgtactaggttcatcactcgttgtacaacctgccgcag
gattaatatcacattttaaaggcgacaatttaattattatcaataaagatcgaacaccttatgatagcga
cgctactttggtcatacatgacgacatggtttccgttgtaaaatcattaatgacagagtaa
>Potential gene 38:30892..31683, 792 bp
atgacccatcgcctaaataaaggaggcaattttacattgaataaacatgaacgtttggacgaaattgcta
aactagtgaataaaaagggcacgataagaacgaatgaaatcgtcgaaggtttaaatgtgtctgatatgac
agttcgaagagatttaattgaattggaaaataaagggattttaacgaagattcatggtggtgcacgcagt
aattcaacatttcagtataaagaaatatcgcataaagaaaaacatacccgtcaaattgcagaaaaacgat
ttatagctaaaaaagctgcatcattaattgaagatggggatactttgtttttcggaccaggaacaacagt
ggaactattagcagaagaagtcaatcatcatacgctcacaattattacgaattgtttgccggtgtataaa
attttgttagaaaaacaaacagcacattttcgtgtctatttaattggtggtgaaatgcgccatattacag
aagcatttgtaggtgaaatggcgaacgccatgttggaaaaactaagatttagcaagatgttctttagtag
taacgcagtaaataaaggtgctgtgatgacatctacattagatgaagcctatacgcaacaactggcacta
agtaattcaattgaaaaatacttgttaatcgatcatacgaaagttggcaaagaagattttacatcatttt
gtcagttaaacgaattgactgcagtggtcatggactatgaagatgaagaaaaagtagaaacgattaaaac
atatattgaagtagtcgactaa
>Potential gene 39:32051..32479, 429 bp
atggcgattattattggttcagatgaagctggcaaacgattaaaagaagtcatcaaatcatacttattag
acaataaatatgatgttgttgacgtaacagaaggacaggaagttgactttgttgatgcaactttggctgt
agcaaaagatgttcaaagtcaagaaggtaacttaggtattgttatcgatgcatttggtgcaggtagcttt
atggttgctacaaaaatcaaaggcatgattgctgctgaagtatcagatgaacgctctggatatatgacta
gaggccataacaattcaagaatgatcactatgggatctgaaattgttggagacacattagcgaaaaatgt
cgttaaaggttttgttgaaggtaaatacgatggtggtagacaccaaatccgcgtagatatgcttaataaa
atgtgctaa
>Potential gene 40:32495..33010, 516 bp
atgaagattgcattaggatgcgaccatattgttacagatacaaaaatgcgtgtatctgaatttttaaaat
caaaaggacatgaagtcattgacgtaggaacatacgatttcacaagaacacattatccaatttttggtaa
aaaagttggcgaacaagttgttagcggtaatgcagacttaggtgtttgtatttgtggaacaggtgttggt
attaacaatgctgtaaataaagtacctggcgttcgttcagcactagtacgtgatatgacatcagcgttat
acgctaaagaagaattaaatgcgaacgttattggcttcggtggacgtattataggtgagttattaatgtg
cgatattatcgatgcatttattaatgctgaatataaaccaactgaagagaacaaaaaattaatcgctaaa
attaaacatttagaaacaagcaatgcagatcaagctgatccacatttctttgatgaattcttagaaaaat
gggacagaggcgaataccacgattaa
>Potential gene 41:33023..33955, 933 bp
atgattttaactttaacattaaatccatccgttgatatttcatacccattaacagcattgaaattagatg
atgttaatcgtgttcaagaagtaagtaaaacagctggtggtaaaggtttaaatgtaacaagagtacttgc
gcaagtaggtgagccagtccttgcgagtggttttattggcggtgaattaggtcaatttattgctaaaaaa
ttagatcatgccgacatcaagcatgcattttataacattaagggtgaaacacgaaactgcattgcaattt
tacatgaagggcaacaaacagaaattttagagcagggaccggagattgataatcaagaggctgcaggatt
tattaaacattttgaacaattattagaaaaagttgaagcagttgctatttcaggtagcttacctaaagga
ttaaatcaagattattatgcacaaatcattgaacgatgccaaaacaaaggtgtgcctgtgatattagatt
gctcgggtgcaactttgcaaacagttttggaaaatccatacaaacctacagtcattaaaccaaacatttc
tgaactatatcaattgcttaaccagccacttgatgaaagtttagaaagtttgaaacaggcagtgtcacaa
cccttattcgaagggattgagtggattattgtgtctttaggtgcacaaggtgcattcgctaagcacaatc
atacattctatagagtgaatattccgacaataagtgtattaaatccggttggttcaggtgattctacagt
tgctggaattacttcagcaattcttaatcatgaaaacgaccacgatttactaaaaaaagccaatacttta
ggcatgctgaatgcacaagaagcacaaacaggttatgtcaatttaaataattatgatgatttattcaatc
aaattgaagttttagaggtgtaa
>Potential gene 42:33959..34939, 981 bp
atgtcaaaatcgaatcaaaaaatcgcatcaattgaacaattaagtaacaacgaaggtatcatttctgcat
tagcatttgaccaacgtggtgctttaaaacgcatgatggcaaaacatcaaactgaagaaccaactgtagc
tcaaattgaacaattaaaagtattagttgcggaagaattaacacaatatgcatcttcaattttattagat
cctgaatatggtttaccagcttcagatgcacgtaacaaagattgtggattattacttgcttatgaaaaaa
ctggatatgacgtaaacgctaaaggtcgtttacctgactgtttagtagagtggtctgcaaaacgtttaaa
agaacaaggcgcaaatgctgttaaattcttactttactatgatgttgatgatgctgaagaaattaacatt
caaaagaaagcatacattgaaagaatcggttcagaatgtgttgcagaagatattccattctttttagaag
tattaacatacgatgacaacattcctgataacggtagtgttgaattcgcaaaagttaagcctagaaaggt
taacgaagcaatgaaattattctcagaaccacgctttaacgttgatgtattgaaagttgaagtaccagta
aacatgaaatatgtagaaggctttgctgaaggtgaagtggtttatacaaaagaggaagcggcacaacact
ttaaagatcaagatgcagcaactcatttaccatacatttacttaagtgctggtgtttctgcggaattatt
ccaagaaactttaaaatttgctcacgaagctggtgctaaattcaacggggtactttgtggccgtgctaca
tggtctggtgctgttcaagtatacattgaacaaggtgaagatgctgctcgtgaatggttacgtacaactg
gtttcaaaaatattgatgacttaaataaagtattaaaagatactgcgacatcttggaaacaaagaaaata
a
>Potential gene 43:35272..36990, 1719 bp
atgacaatgatgcaaaaattgatcgcacaaattgaaaaagggaagccatttttcgagaaattatcacgta
acatatatttaagagccatccgtgatggatttatttctgcaatgcctgtcatcttattctcaagtatctt
tctattaattgcatatgtgccaaatatatttggttttaaatgggataaaggcatggaagccattttaatg
aaaccatacaactatacgatggggcttgtagcatttttagtagcaggaacgacagcgaaatctttaacag
attcatttaaccgtaagctagaaagtacaaatcaaattaactttatttctacaatgctagcagcgatgtg
tggattcttgttcttagcttctgatccagccaaagatggtggattcttaagtgcatttatgggaactaaa
ggtttattaacagcattcttatcagcatttgtaactgttattgtttataacttctgtgtgaagcgcaata
ttacaattaaaatgccgaaagaagtaccgccgaatatttcacaagtatttaaggacttaattccattttc
agcggtaatcatcattctttatgcattagatttagtcattcgcaacagctttaaatcaaatgtagcggaa
ggtattttaaaattattcgaaccattatttacagcagcagatggatggattggtgtcacaattatctttg
gtgcctttgcattattctggtttgtaggtattcatggtccgtcaattgtagagccagcaattgcagccat
tacatatgcgaatatcgaagcgaacttcaagttgcttcaagctggagaacacgcagataaaattattaca
tcaggtacacaaatgtttatcgttacatttggaggtacgggtgcaacattggtcgtcccgttcatgttta
tgtggatgacgaaatctaaacgaaacaaagcgattggacgtgcatcagttgtaccaacattctttggtgt
aaacgaaccaattttatttggtgcaccactagtattgaatcctgtgttctttattccatttgtattagca
ccaattgttaacgtatggattttcaaacttttcgttgaagtgttaggaatgaatagttttagtgtgaatt
taccttggacaacaccaggtccattgggcattatcatgggtacaggttttggtttatggtcattcgtact
agctattactttgattgttgtagatattattatttactacccattcctaaaagtttatgatagtgaaatt
cttgatgaagaagaaggacgtaaagaaagtaattcagatttaaaagaaaaagttgcagcaaactttgata
cgaaaaaagctgattcaattttagcggcaagtggtgtatcagacgatgcagctaaagcttcaaatatcac
agaacaaacaaatgtcttagtactttgtgccggtggtggtacaagtggattattagccaatgcacttaat
aaagcagctgaagaatatcatgtgccagtgaaagcggcagctggcggatatggcgcacatatggacatta
tgaaagagtaccaattaatcattttagcgccacaagttgcgtctaactatgaagatattaagcaagatac
agatagattaggtattaaattagcgaagactcaaggtgctgaatatatcaaattgacacgagatggccaa
gcagcccttgatttcgttcaacaacaatttgaaaattaa
>Potential gene 44:37008..38420, 1413 bp
atgactaaaacattacctgaagattttatttttggtggagcaacagcagcatatcaagcagaaggtgcga
caaatacggatggtaaaggtcgcgtagcatgggatacgtatttagaagaaaactattggtacactgcaga
accagcgagtgatttttataacagatatccagtggatttagaattaagtgaaaaattcggtgttaatggt
atccgaatttcaattgcatggtctcgtatcttcccaaatggatatggcgaagttaaccctaaaggtgttg
agtattaccataagttatttgcagagtgtcataaacgtcatgttgaaccatttgtaacattgcatcattt
tgatacaccagaagtgttacacaaagatggcgattttctaaatcgtaaaacgattgactactttgtagat
tatgctgaatattgttttaaagaattcccagaagtaaaatattggactacattcaatgaaattggaccta
ttggtgatggtcaatatttagtaggtaaattccctccaggtattaaatatgattttgaaaaagtattcca
atcacatcataacatgatggtggctcatgctagagcagtaaaattatttaaagatggcggatacaaagga
gaaattggtgttgtacacgcattgccaacaaaatatccgttcgatccatcaaatcctgaagatgttcgtg
cagcagaattagaagatatcatccataataaattcatcttagatgcaacatatttaggtaagtattctcg
tgaaacgatggaaggtgtgcaacatatcttatctgttaatggcggtaaattaaacattacagatgaagat
tatgccattttagatgcagccaaagatttaaacgacttcttaggtatcaattactacatgagtgattgga
tgagaggttacgatggagaatctgaaatcacgcataatgcgacaggtgataaaggcggttctaaatacca
acttaaaggtgtcggacaacgtgaatttgatgtcgacgtacctcgcacagactgggactggatgatctat
cctcaaggtttatatgatcaaatcatgcgtgttgttaaagattatcctaactatcataagatttatatca
ctgaaaatggtttaggatataaagatgaatttattgaatctgaaaaaacagttcatgatgatgcacgtat
tgattatgtaagacaacatttgaacgttattgcagatgctattatagatggtgcaaatgttaaaggttac
tttatttggtcattaatggatgtgttctcttggtcaaatggttatgaaaaacgatatggtttattctatg
tcgattttgagactcaagaacgttatcctaagaaaagtgcttattggtacaaagagttagccgaaacaaa
agaaattaaataa
>Potential gene 45:38671..39555, 885 bp
atgggagttaaaagtgtgaagaaaatttttgtaattattacgacattgttagcggtcgctattattatag
gctctattattatggtggtgtttagtcaacgacaggcacaaacatttaaaatacaacaacagcaatttgt
taaaaagccaattccaacattgttcttacatggatttggtggtagtgccaattctgaaaagtttatggtg
aagcaagcagaaaaaagaggggtaactaaagatatcatcactgcttacgtttcaaaggatggtgcagtga
catttaaagggaaactaagaaaagatgcagtgaatcctattgtgaaaattgaacttgaaaataacagaca
aggctatttggataagaatgctgcgtggtttaaaaatgtactgactaagttacaatctgaatacaatttc
gataaattcaactttgtcggtcactcaatggggaacttaacatttgcacaatatatgatgacatatggta
acgacaagtcactgccacagttaaacaaacaagtgaatattgcagggacatttaatggtgttttaaatat
gaatgaagatgtcaatgaaattacagttgataaagatggtaaaccaagtcgaatgaatcaaccttatcag
caattacgcgtgctaaaagatatttataaaggtaaaggtatcgaagtgctaaatatttatggggatttga
aagatggtacacattcagacggcagagtgtctaatagttcttcgaaatcattaaaatatttactgggaaa
tagtccgaaaagttatcgagaatctaaatatgaaggtgagcctgcacaacatagtcagcttcatgagaat
gaaaatgttgctaatgagttaatcgacttcttatggaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 46:39835..40839, 1005 bp
atgatgcaaaataaacaaattctttttaacaaaataccagaaggcatgcctcaagaggatacattcaaaa
ttgaagagattgacacgcctaaacttgagagcgatggtgtacttgtacaaacgctgtatatttcagtgga
tccatatatgagaggacgtatgactaaggcagattcgtatgtacagccttttgaaattggtaaaccgatt
gttagccatgtcgttgcaaaagtaattgattcgacactcgcagattataaaaaaggagatgtcgttgtag
gtatgttgccttggcgaatcattaatcatgtccaagcggatcaaattactaaagttccaacgacagatgt
accacttgatttatatttaagtgttttaggaatgccaggacaaacagcatatcatggtctgcttgatatt
ggacaacctaaagccggtgatactgttgtggtttcagctgcatctggtgctgtaggttcagttgtaggtc
aaattgctaagattaaaggttgccgtgtagtaggtattgcgggtggcgacaaaaaagtaaattatttaac
agagacactgggctttgacgctggtattgattataagaaagaggattttgcagaagcgttagcacaagca
gtaccagatggtattgatgtttattttgaaaatgttggtggaacagttggcgatgaagtatttaagcatt
taaatcgttttgcacgtgtaccagtatgtggcgcaatttcgtcatataatcatcctgaagccgatatcgg
accacgtattcaaggtacgcttattaagaagcaagtaatgatgagaggcttcttggtaagtgaattcgct
aatgcttttaaagaagctagtgaacagcttgcaacatgggttcaagaaggtaaaattcagtcacaagtaa
ccattgaagatggttttgaaaatgcgccacatgcatttaaaaatttatttactggcgataactttggtaa
acaagttattaaagtaacggaataa
>Potential gene 47:41058..42074, 1017 bp
atgaggtgaaacgatatgaaaatgataggatttgagaagccctttaaattggaagaaggaaatttattta
aagtatacgaacaaagaaagccaacgccagaaaacgatgatatcttagtcaaagtaaatagcattagtgt
aaatcctgtagatacaaagcaacgacaaatggaagtcactcaagcacctcgtgtacttgggtttgatgct
attggtactgttgaagctatcggaccagacgttacattatttagtccgggtgacgttgtattttatgctg
gatcgccaaatagacaaggatcaaatgcgacatatcaattggtgtcagaagctatagttgcaaaagcacc
acacaacataagtgctaatgaagcggttagtctaccgctaactggtattacggcatatgaaacgtttttt
gatacatttaaaatttctacgaatcctgctgaaaacgaagggaagtctgtcttaatcattaatggtgccg
gtggtgtaggcagtatagccactcaaattgctaaacggtatggtttaactgtcattacaacagcatcacg
acaagaaacaacagagtggtgtgaaaagatgggcgcagatatcgtattgaatcataaagaggatttagtg
cgtcaatttaaagaaattccattagtagattatatattttgcacctataatacagacttgtattacaata
ctatgattgaactgataaaaccattagggcatattacgactatcgtagcttttaatgaagatcaagattt
aaatgcattaaaattaaaaagtataacatttacacatgaatttatgtttgcgcgtccaattcatcgaacg
cctgatatgattaaacaacatgagtatttagaagatattacgaaaaatatagaatcagggcattaccaac
caacaacgacacaagtttttgaaggtttatcacctgaaaacttatatcaagcacatcaattgttggaaaa
acaatcaatgattggaaaattagtaattaatatatag
>Potential gene 48:42381..43943, 1563 bp
atgaaaaataaatcagtaagtctagtgttttgggtatctttagtgatatgtacgatatttgttgcttttg
gagcaatatttccgaaacagttagaaaaactcacgcaaaacattactacatttattgcgctacatttttc
ttggtattatttattgctcgttttagttattttatttgtctgtgtgtatattttattttcgagatacgca
aacattacattaggtgaagaaggcgaagatcctgaattctcattgccgtcttggtttgctatgttattta
gtgctggtatgggaataggacttgtgttctggacaacggcagaaccaatcagtcatgccttcaaattaac
gcctattcataaagctggcacgcaatctgcaattaatgatgcaatgcagttttcatttttccattggggg
attcatgcatgggcagtctatggtattgtcgcgctagtgtttgcatattttagctttcataaaggatatc
ctggcttagtcagcgctacattgacgcctttattaggtgaaaaggcaatgcgtggacctttaggtggtgc
cattgatgtattggcagtcatagctacagtaacaggcgttgctgcaacattaggtttcggtgcattgcaa
ataaacgaaggtttacattttttatttaatgtaccgagtaacttcacgatgcaagtaatcttgattgtca
ttgcaaccatattatttacttggtcagcatggtcaggtatcgataaaggtatcaaaacgttgagtaatat
caacatgttacttgcttttgtagtacttattggtctttttattgttgggccaacgctatacattttaaat
acatttacgaatggtctaggtaattatattgcaaatttctttagtatgagtttacgcattccgacaggtg
gtcaaaaattccaatggttacaaaattggacaatcttttactgggcatggtggatatcttgggcaccatt
tgtaggtatatttattgcacgtgtgtcaaaaggacgtacgattaaagaatttattctaggtgtacttttt
gtcccggcgttagtttgctttatattctttgcggtattcggcgcgtcagcaatttacttacaagataatc
atattgccgatattgctaaagctgcgacagaaacagcaacttttgcgacgctacaacattatccgctagg
ttttgtattaagcttaattactttacttgttattatgattttctttgttacatcagcggattcggcaact
tatgttttaggtatgttgagttcaagtggtgatattaatccgaagtcatttgtcaaagtgagttggggta
tcattatggcattatttgcaatcatcatgatttacacaggtggtactcaagcaattcaaaatttattaat
cattgctgcgttaccattttccgtggtcattatagcgatgatatggtcgcttataaaatctttgagtgag
gagaaaccgagaaatagtaataaggttttaattaaacatcgtgacccagatattttagaatatcgttctt
caaaacatattgacgaaaattaa
>Potential gene 49:44184..44654, 471 bp
atgtatatccaagatggacgtataactgaatatcaagactacttccttcaatttgaatggttccaaccat
tacttatttcacttgctgcactattgatattaataggtcttatattagtatttagtatcttcaaacctac
gcatcgaaaacctggattatacaaagacttcgatgatggtcatgtttacgtatctcgtaaagctgttgaa
aagacggcattcgatacggttgcaaaatatgatcaagtaagacaaccaaatgtagttgcgaaactatata
acaaaaaaaataaatcttatatcgacattaaaactgactttttcgtaccaaataatgttcaagttcaatc
tttaactgaagcaattcgttcggatattaaaaagaatgtagaatatttcacagaaatgccagtacgtaag
ttagaagttaatgtgagagatcagaaaacttctggtccacgagtgttgtaa
>Potential gene 50:44969..45478, 510 bp
atgactgtagataacaataaagcaaaacaagcatacgacaatcaaactggtgttaacgaaaaagaaagag
aagagcgtcaaaaacaacaagaacaaaatcaggagcctcaattcaaaaacaaattaacattctctgatga
agttgttgaaaaaattgctggtatcgctgcacgtgaagttaaaggtatcttagatatgaaaggtggctta
actgatacattcactaatgcattctcaagtggcaacaatgttactcaaggtgtatctgttgaagttggtg
aaaaacaagctgctgtagacttaaaagtaatcttagaatatggtgaatcagcaccaaaaatcttccgtaa
agtaactgaattagttaaagaacaagttaaatatattactggtttagatgtagttgaagttaacatgcaa
gttgacgatgtaatgactcaaaaagagtggaaacaaaaacacgaaaaaaataacgaaaacaataaccaag
aaagacaaggtttacaataa
>Potential gene 51:45514..45825, 312 bp
atgaagaattataattgggaatactttaaagtccaaattaatcaaaagctttctgaaccagaaacgaaaa
aaatctatagtcaaagaaaaattgatgtagagcctgtttttggatttatgaaggctattttgggtttcac
tcgaatgtcagttcgaggaataaataaagttaaacgagagctaggttttgtattaatggcacttaatata
aggaaaatagcagctcaacgagctgtacattataaaatacatatcaaaaaagctgatttctatcaaataa
ttaatagaaatcagcttttttacattgcctaa
