>Potential gene 1:1065..1625, 561 bp
atgaacaaggtagaagtaattaaatgcaatgatgatattaataaaatgtatgacgcactcaaagctcgat
ctgatagggattatttgttttttaaattagctatacatagtggtatgaaaattacagaattattaacaat
tactgttaaagatactaaacgactgattgaaaaggggacactaagcgaattgtgtaaagcccattatcac
tcattgattaaaattagattgccagaaacattatctaatgagttacttcactatattgaaaacaaaagtc
tgtcaaatgaagatgtattatttcaatcattgagaactaatcaagtattatctaggcaacaagcctatcg
tattattcatcaagcagcaattaaggctggcatagagaatgtaggactaacgacattgcgtaagacattt
gcgtatcatgcatatcaaaagggcatacctattcctgtcattcaaaagtatttagggcatcaatctgcta
ttgaaacactaaattttatcggtttagaaaatgaatgtgaacacagtatttatatttcattacaattata
a
>Potential gene 2:1835..2224, 390 bp
atggtaaacaaacagaatttaagcgtcgattcgccaatattaatcctgaagtatcaaacgaccaaattaa
aacatttagcaaacttatcgaacgacttactggagaaacatacaacaacatcgaagtcatcaaatctgta
tcaatttaatcaggaggacactttcatgaccaaaacacttgaattaagttttaaatcttcactagacaaa
cctgtcaaattgcaattaccacaattaaacaacatcgtaaccgagcaagttgcacgtgatagtatgaatg
cattagtagatttaaatattataaagtcaaatagtggcgctatcaccaaagtacattctgctcaaattat
tgataaaacgacgaccgttttatttgaagcaaagaaatag
>Potential gene 3:2378..3349, 972 bp
atgatttttattattaactttggaaagtgagactttattcatatgcttcttttctatatcattggtgtcc
tagttggaatgcttattcctatccaaacatctgtcaattcaagactatcactgtatactaaatcgccttt
ctatacttcattcatttcattttcagttggaacaatttgtttaattattttaaatatcattatcaatcca
gaagtatttactattcacttttacaataatcaatcatttaacaatacatggatagtcggtggtttgcttg
gggttagctttttaactggcaatttattgttattgccaaaattaggtgcaacattaactgtaattgcaac
agttgcgggtcaaattattatgggtgtcataattgatacatttggcttatttggtgctacaattcatgat
tttaatttaattaaagcaattggtgtattgttactcattatcggtatcgtcataatgaatcaatttaaca
agaataatttattactaactgatcaaaagtatttactgttttggcttctattaggatttatttttggttt
ctttccacctattcaaacgacaattaatagtgctttagcaagtcatactcattcaccagcctttgcatca
ttagtatcatttacaattgggtcaataacgctattgattttaaccgctatttttaatcgttctttaaaac
taaatacatatcatttgaaattcggcaaactaaaacctatctattttactggcggtatactaggcatggc
ttttgtaacagctaacattatcttaatgcctcatatgggtgcagcattaacaacacttattgggatgttt
ggtcagattctaatgggcatattgatagatcactttggattatttggttcacctaaaatagcaatgacat
ccagaaaaactattggtctattatgtattttgacaggcattatacttttaagattattttaa
>Potential gene 4:4297..4671, 375 bp
atggcaattacaaaaatcaatgattgctttgagttgttatcaatggtcacttatgctgacaaattaaaaa
gtttaattaaaaaggaattttcaattagctttgaagaattcgctgtattgacatacatcagcgaaaacaa
agagaaagaatactatcttaaagatattattaatcatttaaactacaaacaaccacaagttgttaaagca
gttaaaattttatctcaagaagattacttcgataaaaaacgtaatgagcatgatgaaagaactgtattaa
ttcttgttaatgcacaacaacgtaaaaaaatcgaatcattattgagtcgagtaaataaacgaatcactga
agcaaacaacgaaattgaactataa
>Potential gene 5:4922..5710, 789 bp
atgaataaagtcacaattaatcctcaaatccaattaacttatcaaattgaaggtaaaggggatcctataa
tattacttcatggattggatggtaatttagctggatttgaagatttgcaacatcaactagcatcatcata
taatgtacttacttacgatttaagaggtcatggcaagtcttctaaaagtgaatcatacgatttaaacgat
cacgttgaggatttaaaaattctaatggagaagttaaatattcatgaggcacatattctaggacatgatt
taggtggggtagttgctaagttatttacagataaatatgcttatcgtgtaaaatcattaactaccattgc
atcgaagaaagatgacttaatacacagctttactcaattgttaatacaatatcaagatgatatagcgggt
tttaataagtctgaagcgtatattcttttattttctaaattgtttagaaatcaagagaagacgatgaaat
ggtatcaaaaacaaagaatatatagcactaagtctgaggatgatagtgcggtggcaattcgttcattaat
tttgcataaagatgaacctatgtatttaaaaaaacgtacatgtgtacctactttgttaattaatggggaa
catgatcctttgattaaagataaaaatcattttaaattggaagcgcattttttaaatgttacgaaaaaaa
tcttcgaacattcaggacatgcaccgcatattgaagaaccagaagcatttatgaattattatttaaattt
tttaaaaagcgtatcataa
>Potential gene 6:5879..6622, 744 bp
atgtttcattttaaaggagtactaccaatgcgtattaacgataaaattttactagaaaatatagaagatt
actttaatcataaaggtttatcaccgcatttgattgatgatattaaagagaaagtaattactgatataaa
aaattctgaaaagaaagatcaagattatattgaatataaaagaaaatctccagcacaaatcatattaatg
attcaaaggaatttgtttgctttacaaatgaatccagttattttctttattataaatttcattctcatat
cctatttatatgataaacagtatgttcagtttcaagctattactggaatgagtctattttattgtttagt
gatttttccaatgactattgttgtatacctaagagtgtctcaaaagaattacttgcgtagtaataaaata
gaaatgattatgggtacaattatcgctatcatatccttgttattaattatattacaagcatttaatatta
cttggggcgttataccaattacaaattttggacatcaatttttctttttcattggtattattttagtaat
tgccggcatattttataagcgacttgagttttcgggaatcggcttattattttgtcaaaaaaccgtcgat
gcaatgattcataatccacaatcagcccagattttttcattaattatatggatattattagtagttctag
ttatatatttcacaattagattatcttcacgtacaagattataa
>Potential gene 7:6757..7263, 507 bp
atgaaaaagctactaacggcaagtataattgcatgttctgttgtaatgggagtaggcttagtgaacacta
gtgccgaagcagcaagtggcaactctattgatactgttaaacaattaattaagggtgatcagtcattaga
aaatgtgaaaattggcgaatctattaaagatgttttaactaagtacaaaaatccgatgtattcttacaat
gaagatggaactgaacattattacgaattccatactaaaaaaggtatgttattagtaactactgatggta
agaaaaacaatggtaaagtaactcatatttcaatgatgtataatgatgctaatggtccaacatatcaagc
tgttaaaaattatgttggcaaagcagtaacacatacggaatatagcaaagttgctggtaattttggatat
attgaaaaaggcaaaacgacttatcaatttgcctcagcaccaaaagataaaaacataaaattatatcgta
ttgatttggaaaaataa
>Potential gene 8:7399..8220, 822 bp
atgataataaaggagaaaattatggatctatttactagaaaagatggaacatcgatacattacagtacat
taggtgaaggatatcctatcgtattgattcatactgtacttgataattattctgtgtttaataaattagc
agcagaattagcaaaatcatttcaagttgtgttaattgatttacgtggacatggctattctgataaacct
cgtcacattgaaataaaagatttttctgatgacattgttgaattacttaaatatttatatattgaagaag
ttgcatttgtatgccatgaaatgggtggaatcattggtgcggatatttcagtacgttatcctgaatttac
atcatcacttacgttggtaaatccaacatctattgaaggtgaattaccggaagaacgtttatttagaaaa
tatgcccatattattcgaaactgggatcctgaaaaacaagataaatttttaaataagcgtaagtattatc
gtccgagaaaaatgaatcgattcctcaaacatgtcgtagatacaaatgaaatatcaactaaagaagaaat
tcaagcagttaaagaggtattcaaaaacgctgatatttctcaaacttatagaaatgtcgtagtaccgaca
aaaattattgcaggagaattcggtgaaagaacaacaagattagaagctaaagaagtagctgatttaatcc
aaaatgcggactttgaagtatatcaagaatcaagtgcattcccatttgttgaagagcaagaaagattcgt
cgaagatacagcttcatttatcaacaaacatcacgatgaaaagcatgtttaa
>Potential gene 9:8183..8902, 720 bp
atggatttgaatcaaattaaagcagttgtatttgatttagaaggtacgttgttggacagagttaaatctc
gagagaaatttatcgaagagcaatatgaacgatttcatgactacttaattcatgttcaactggcagattt
taaaaaagcatttattgagctagatgacgatgaagataatgataaacctgatttatataaagaaatcatt
aaacgtttccatgtagataggttaacttggaaagacttatttaatgattttgaaatgcatttttatcgtt
atgtatttccttattacgatactttgtatacactagaaaagctatcgcaaaaaggctttcaaattggtgt
tatcgcaaatggtaaatctaagattaaacaatttcgattacattcacttggtttgatgcatgttattaat
tatttatcaacatcagaaacagttggttttcgtaaaccacatcctaaaatttttgaagatatgattgatc
aactaggggtattacctgagcaaattatgtatgttggcgatgatgcgttaaatgatgtagctccagcacg
agctatgggcatggttagtgtatggtataaacaagaagatgctgaaattgaaccactcgaagaagaagtt
gattttacaattacaacagtggaagaattattaaccattttaccaataaaaaatgataataaaggagaaa
attatggatctatttactag
>Potential gene 10:8957..9943, 987 bp
atgaatgtaattatcgatgaaagaaaagagaatgctatgacatttaataaagtattattgagctggatag
tcatattgattataacaactagcatatatctattttggcagttgggcgatatcaatgatgtatttaacca
gtctattctaatcaatgttagattaccgagattattagaagcattgttgacaggtatgatattaactgtt
gcaggccttatatttcaaacagttttaaataatgcattggcagatagctttacattaggattggcaagcg
gcgctacatttggttcaggattagcattatttttaggtttaacaacgttatggattcctgtattttcaat
aacatttagtttgataacattaataactgtattagtcattacgtcggtattgagccaaggctatccagtt
agaatcttaatattaagtggtttaatgattggtgcgttattcaattcacttctatattttttgattttat
taaaacctcgcaaattaaatacaattgccaattatctgtttggtggttttggtgatgcagaatactcaaa
tgtatccataatagcaatcacatttatcattgcactgtttggtatatttatcattcttaatcaactaaag
ttattgcaattaggagaactaaaaagtcagtcactaggcttaaatgttcaattgattacatatatcgcgt
tatgtatagcttctatgataacggcgataaatgtcgcatatgttggcatcattggattcattggtatggt
gataccacaactcattagaaaatggcagtggaaacaatcattaggaagacaattggctttgaatattgta
attggaggacaaataatggttatggcagattttattggtagccatatactgtcaccagtacaaataccgg
caagcattattattgcattaattggtataccagtgttattttacatgctaatatctcagtcgaaacggtt
acactag
>Potential gene 11:10056..10907, 852 bp
atgcttgtcctgagtggctgtggtatgaaagataatcataaacaaggtagcgatgataatggctcgtcta
aatcgccgtaccatagaattgtttcgttaatgcctagtaatactgaaattttatatgaattaggattagg
taaatacatagttggtgtttcaacggttgatgattatccaaaagatgtgaaaaagggtaagaaacaattt
gatgctttgaatctaaataaagaggaacttttaaaggcaaagccagatctaattcttgcgcatgagtcgc
aaaaggcaactgctaataaagtattgtcatcattagagaaacaaggcatcaaagtagtatatgttaaaga
tgcacaatcaattgatgaaacttacaacacatttaagcaaattgggaaattaacgcatcatgataagcag
gctgaacaacttgttgaggaaactaaagataatatcgataaagtcatagattcaattcctgctcatcata
aaaaatcaaaagtatttattgaggtttcatcaaagcctgaaatatatacagcagggaagcatacattttt
caatgatatgttagaaaaattagaagcccaaaatgtgtatagtgacattaatggttggaaccctgtaacg
aaggaaagtattattaaaaagaacccagatatattaatttcgacggaagctaagacaagatcagattata
tggatatcatcaaaaaaagaggtggattcaataaaattaatgctgtcaagaatacacgtattgaagttgt
aaatggtgatgaagtatcaagaccaggtccacgtattgatgaaggattaaaagaattaagagatgcaatt
tatagaaaataa
>Potential gene 12:11316..11951, 636 bp
atgttaggaactgatgaattgtataaattgttatataggcatatgggaccgcaaaattggtggcctgctg
ataatgacattgaaatgatgttaggtgcaattttagttcaaaatactagatggcgaaatgcagaaattgc
attgaatcagattaaagaacacacgcattttaatccaaatcatatattagaactatctattgaaacgtta
caatcattgatacattcaagtggtttttataaaagtaaatcactgacgattaaaacattattaacatggt
tagcacgacatcatttcaattatcaagagattaatgagcgatataaaggtgaattaagaaaagaattatt
atctttgaaaggtattggaagtgaaacagcagatgtcttacttgtttatatattcggacgcattgtattt
attccagatagctatacaagaaaaatatatgataagttaggatatgaaaacactaaaagttatgatcaat
taaaaaaagtagtcacattaccaaatcattttacaaatcaagatgctaatgaatttcatgctctgttaga
tgtatttggtaaacattactttagagacaaagatataaagaattatgattttttagaaccttactttaaa
aagtaa
>Potential gene 13:12285..13946, 1662 bp
atgaatattattgatcaagtgaaacaaacattagtagaagaaattgcagcaagtattaacaaagcaggat
tagcagatgagattcctgatattaaaattgaagttcctaaagatacaaaaaatggagattatgctactaa
tattgcgatggtactgactaagattgcaaagcgtaatcctcgtgaaattgctcaagcgattgttgataac
ttagatactgaaaaagcacatgtaaaacaaattgacattgctggtccaggattcattaatttttacttag
ataatcagtatttaacagcaattattcctgaagcaattgaaaaaggtgatcaatttggacatgtaaatga
atcaaaagggcaaaatgtattgcttgagtatgtttcagctaaccctacaggagatttacatattggtcat
gctagaaatgcagcagttggtgatgctttagctaatattttaactgcagctggctataatgtaacacgtg
aatattatattaatgatgctggtaatcaaattactaacttagcgcgttcgattgaaacacgtttctttga
agctttaggtgacaatagttattcaatgccagaagatggctataatggaaaagatattattgaaataggt
aaagatttagcagagaaacaccctgaaattaaagattattctgaagaagcacgtttgaaagaatttagaa
aattaggcgtagaatacgaaatggctaaattgaaaaatgatttagcagagttcaatacgcattttgataa
ttggtttagtgaaacatctttatatgaaaaaggcgaaattcttgaagttttagcaaaaatgaaagaatta
ggttatacgtatgaagctgatggcgctacatggttacgtacaactgattttaaagacgacaaagacagag
tattaattaaaaatgacggtacatatacgtatttcttaccagatattgcgtaccacttcgataaagttaa
acgtggtaatgacattttaatcgatttatttggtgctgatcatcatggttatattaatcgtttgaaagca
tctcttgaaacgtttggtgtagatagtaatcgtttagaaattcaaatcatgcaaatggttcgtttaatgg
aaaatggtaaagaagtgaagatgagtaaacgtactggtaatgccattacattaagagaaattatggacga
agttggcgttgacgctgcacgttatttcttaactatgcgtagtcctgatagtcactttgattttgatatg
gaattagcgaaagagcaatctcaagataacccagtttattatgctcaatatgctcacgcacgtatttgtt
caattttaaaacaagcaaaagagcaaggtattgaagtgactgctgcgaatgattttacaacgattactaa
tgaaaaagcgattgaattgttgaaaaaagtagctgatttcgaacctacaattgaaagtgctgctgagcat
agatcggcacatagaattactaattatattcaagatttagcttctcatttccataaattctataatgctg
aaaaagtgttaacagatgatattgaaaaaacaaaagcacatgttgctatgattgaagcggttagaattac
attgaaaaatgcattggcaatggtcggtgtaagcgcacctgaatcaatgtaa
>Potential gene 14:14636..15646, 1011 bp
atgagagcagcagttgtaacgaaagatcacaaagtaagtattgaggacaaaaagataagagctttaaaac
ctggtgaagcgttggtacaaacggaatattgtggcgtttgtcataccgatttacatgttaagaatgctga
ttttggtgatgttacaggcgttactttaggtcatgaaggtattggtaaagtcatcgaagttgcggaagat
gtagaatcattaaaaattggagaccgtgtgtctatcgcttggatgttcgaaagctgtggaagatgtgaat
attgtacaacaggtcgtgaaacactttgccgtagtgtgaaaaatgctggttatacagtagatggtgcaat
ggctgaacaagttattgttactgcagactatgctgtgaaagtacctgaaaaattagatccagcagcagcg
tcttctattacatgcgcaggtgtgacaacttataaagctgtaaaagtaagtaatgtaaaacctggacaat
ggttaggtgtttttggtataggtggtttaggtaacctagctttacaatatgctaaaaacgttatgggggc
taaaattgttgccttcgacatcaatgatgataaattagcattcgcgaaagaattaggtgctgatgctatt
attaattctaaagatgttgatccagttgcagaagttatgaaattaactgataacaaaggattagatgcaa
cagtggtaacttcagttgctaagacgccatttaaccaagcggttgatgttgtaaaagctggtgcaagagt
tgttgctgttggtttacctgttgataaaatgaacttagatatcccaagattagtgcttgacggtattgaa
gtagtaggttcacttgttggtacaagacaagacttacgtgaagcgtttgaatttgctgctgaaaataaag
taacacctaaagttcaattaagaaaattagaagaaatcaatgatatttttgaagaaatggaaaatggtac
tataactggtagaatggttattaaattttaa
>Potential gene 15:16145..16666, 522 bp
atggaggttatatcattgtctgagaaaaaaggctttaattttaatatcataaaaaatgaccctctagatg
gtcataaaggtacaaatattggttcaattagcttagacaatattgcaccagtttttatcgatgttgctaa
caaagaagcatttattgatattggaggcatgcatgctcgcgccaaagttgaaaaaggcgtgaaatggatt
actgataaagctgctgttgaaggcgatgaagctaaagaatattggttgtgttgggtaacaacagaacgta
atgaacaaggaccatattatgctggtttaacagcgtgctatttattagtgaataaagcaattcgtcgtgg
ttataaaagtatgcctgaacatgttaatatgatggataaatcaatgaaacatcatattatcattgatcaa
attggtgacgagaataaagctattttaaaagactttttaatgaaccatgatgaaggtatgtggaagcatt
cttctgatgctttacatcaagcatttaattaa
>Potential gene 16:16694..17989, 1296 bp
atgactaacgcatatgtagatttaaaattagtagaagaaaaagtttttaaagacccgatacatcgatata
ttcatgttgaagatcaattgatatgggatttaattaaaactaaggaattccaaaggttacgtcgaattag
acaactaggaacactgtacctatcttttcacacagcagaacatagtcgctttggacattctttaggtgtg
tatgaaatagttagacgattaattgatgagtcatttattggtcatgatgcatgggacaataaagatagac
cgttggcattatgtgctgcattattacatgatttaggacatggtccattttcacatagttttgaaaaaat
atttaatacagaccatgaagcatacacacaagcgattattactggagatactgaggtgaatgctgtatta
cgtaaagtggcgcctgagtttccaagagaagttgcggaagtaattaataaaacgcatcataataaattgg
tcatttcgatgatttcttcacaaatcgatgcggatagaatggattatttacaacgtgatgcgtatttcac
aggtgtatcatatggtgcttttgatatggaacgtattttaagattaatgcgaccttctaaagatgaagta
ctaattaaagaaagtggtatgcatgcagttgaaaactttattatgagtcgttatcaaatgtattggcaaa
tttatttccacccagttagtcgtggtggagaagtgctgcttaataattgtttgaaacgcgcaaaacagct
ttataatgaaggctatgaatttaagttgcatccacatgattttattccattttttgaagagacagttacg
attgaacaatatgttgaactcgatgaagcggtagttacgtattatttggaaaaatggacaaaagaagatg
atgctattttaagtgatttagcaagtcgatttattaatcgagacttatttaaatatattccatttgatgg
ctcaattattacaatatcagaactgcaagaactgtttgaagcaggtggtattaatccagattattatttt
gtgagtgaagcattttcggatttgccatatgactatgatcgacctgggtcaaatcgcaaaccgattcatt
tattaagacaagatggtacgattagagaaataagcaatcaatctttagtcattcatagtattacaggcat
taatcgccaagactataaattatattatcctagagaaatggttgcaaagattaaagataagacaattaga
gaagctattgaaaatttgattaatgagcttaattaa
>Potential gene 17:18029..18505, 477 bp
atgttcaaggtaagacaagcaactgaaaaagatgttgttcaaattagagatgtcgcaactaaagcttggt
ttaatacatacttaaatatatacgctgcgacaacagttaatcacttgttagaagcttcatataatgaaca
tcatttaaagaaaagacttcaagaacaattattcttagtcgttgaagaaggtaatgacatcgttggcttt
gctaactttatttacggtgaagaattatatttatcagctcattatgttaaaccagaatcgcaacatacag
gttatggtacagcattgttaaatgaaggattatcacgttttgaagataaatttgaaggtgtttacttaga
agtagataataaaaatgaagaagcagtagcttactataaagagcaaggttttacaatcttacgctcttat
gagccagaaatgtatggcgaaaagttagacttagcacttatgtacaaagcattttaa
>Potential gene 18:18674..19210, 537 bp
atgattactgttttgtttggtgggagtagaccaaacggtaatactgcacaattaacaaaattcgctttgc
aagatttagagtatcaatggattgacgtgacacaacatcagtttaaaccgatacgtgacgtgagacatac
agcagagactattacttcatatgacgatgactatttgccgattctagataaaatattggctagtgataca
attatttttgcatcaccagtgtattggtatagcatttcagcaccattgaaagcatttatcgaacattggt
cagaaacattacaagataaacgatatcctaattttaaggcacaaatggccgaaaaggattttagagttat
tttagttggtggagattgtccaaaaataaaagcgaagccagcaattacgcaaatgaaatatagtttagac
tttttaggtgccactttaaatggttatattattggaactgctgaaaagcctggtgacatcatgaaagaca
actatgccttagcacgtgcaactgagtggaatagtatattgcaataa
>Potential gene 19:19708..20646, 939 bp
atgaagcaatttgtaaacttaggtaaatctgatgttgaagtgtttccaatcgcacttgggacgaacgcag
taggtgggcataatttatatccgaacttagatgaagaacaaggaaaagatgttgttcgtcaagccattaa
tcatggtattaatttattagatacggcatatatttatgggccagaacgatcagaagaattggttggagaa
gttgttaaagaatatccgcgagagcaaattaaaattgctacaaaagggtctcatgaatttgatgaaaatc
aagaagtacatcagaacaatcaacctgaatatttaaaacaacaagttgagaatagtttgaaacgtctaca
aactgattatatcgatttatattatattcattttccggatgacaacactccgaaagatcaagcagttgca
gcattacaagagcttaaggaacaagggaagattaaagccattggtgtatcaaatttcacattagatcaac
ttaaagaagcaaataaagatggttacgttgatgttgtacagttagaatataatttattgcatcgcgaaaa
tgaggcagtattacaatattgtgttgatcaccaaatcacatttattccatatttcccattagcatccggt
attttagctggaaaatatgatgagaacactaaatttagtgaccatcgtactacacgtcgtgattttaaac
caggtgtatttgaagaaaatgtgcgtcgcgtaaaagctttggaaagcatagctgcagcacatcaaacttc
aattgcgaacattgtattagcattttatttaacgagaccagctatcgatgtgattattcctggtgcaaaa
cttgcagaacaagtcgttgaaaatattaaagctgcagatatcgttttatcagatgatgagattcaatata
tcgatgaactgtttccgattgaagactaa
>Potential gene 20:21094..21654, 561 bp
atggtgaatataataaataattggttagttttattcattccattgcttaattggttgacaccaaaaagat
acatcaagatcagtcaagaagaattagaaagtttaaatactttcaaacctgctaaaaacaatgcattttg
gccagcattaggtagttcagttttatttagtgtgacttttagaaagtatatgcctttatttaatgttaga
ttggaaaaaacaatagtaatagccatattttttgttgtatttcttggtattttatttttctacctaaatt
taaatcgtaggctagcattaagtgtttttactatgaataaagaaaaaagtcagaaaatgatattgctacc
taatttaaaacattttttctttataatatttgcatatttatatttcggtggtttttcatttttcacttta
tatgccctgataactatagatgttcaaaatataattatatttatctgttggggtgcagtaactatgtttt
tcttttttataaacattgttcccattggcattaaaaaagctcatgtaatacttcttaaaaaagctgaata
a
>Potential gene 21:21866..22414, 549 bp
atgatcgatataataagcacttggattagtttgttttttccttttattaattggttcatcaccaaaagat
acgtcaaaattagtagagaagagtttgaaaatttaaatattgttaaacctgctaaaaagaatgttttttg
gccagttgcaggtagctctgctttgctgggagttgcattaagaaaatatacacatttacttgacgttcaa
cttgataaaaaattagttattgccatatgttgcatcacatttatagggattttaatattttatgtacgcc
taattaaaaaatcatctttaaatatttataatactaaaaataaaaggtcaaaaatttttttaatacctac
actaaaaaatgtttgtttcacattatttggatatattttatttggcggattgactatgctattcctagat
gctctattatcaatgagttatcaaaacataatagtatattttgcttggattacagcaataatgggttttt
ttctagtgaatatagctttaattatagataaaaacattcatgtcatacttaaaaattaa
>Potential gene 22:22533..23093, 561 bp
atgattgatttagcaagtaattggattgttttcttctttccatttattaactggctcataccgaaaacat
atgtcaaaatcactaagaatgattatgaaaaattaaatattgtcaaaccagttaaaaataaatcgatagg
atggactatattcgcgggtattgtgttacttggtggtactgtaagaagaaatacttatttatttgatttt
caattagaaaaactaattgtttggagcagctgttttattagttttttaggggttatatttttttattgtt
atctaaataagaaattaacattaaatgtttataaggaaaataaaaataatgaacttaaattaagattatt
accctcctttaaaaatatgtgtttcacaattttttattacctctttactggtttcatgtcttatggggca
ttttacttgttggtgtttgaaaatgtacaaaatttaattttatatatttcttggcttttcatgactatgc
tatttatgttaatgaatatgcattcaattatagataaaaaagtacatatatttttaaagtctaataaata
g
>Potential gene 23:23169..24569, 1401 bp
atgccgatgagtattgacatgtatttagacagatctcgaaaccaagcttcaagtgtgggtaatttgagtc
aaacaatgaattcaaattatgatgcgttggaaaaagcaattactcaatttatcaatgatgatgcgcttaa
aggtaaagcgtatacgtcagctaaacaattttttagtacggtgttaattccattatcaacaagtatgaaa
acattgagtgatttaacgaagcaagcttgcgataattttgtgtcacgttatacgagtgaggttgatagca
tatctttaaaagaatcagagcttgaagaagatatcagatcattaagtcaacaaattacgcgatatgaaaa
tttaactaacaatttgaaaaagcatgcttccgataatcagcaagccatttcatcgaaccaacaaataata
caaacattaggtcaacaaaaacatgaattagaagagaagctacgcaaattgcgtgagtttaatcaaaaat
caccagaaatatttaaagaagttgaagaatttcaaaaaattgtccaacaaggacttacccaagcgcaaaa
tttttggaacttttcaacaaatcaatttaacattccttcaggtaaagaacttgattgggccaaagcaagt
catgaaaaatatttgaaagttgctatggggaaaattgaacataaagcagagaaagaaactttaaataaag
cagactttgctgttataaaggcatatgccaaagaacatccagaagacgatatcccgaaaagtataatgaa
atatataaatgacaataaagatagtattaaacgagatataggattagatattacgtcaacacttttagag
caaggcggtataaatgcaagtaaattcggtgtatttatcaatacagcaggtggagtgaaaggcccagccg
gtccaaattcatttgtggaagtcaaacgtacatcaggtaatgtgtttatagaaaatggtagtaaatttgc
taaaggtggaaaatatctaggtaaaggtgttgcaggtgtaggatttggtataggtatgtatgatgacctt
gcaaatgatgataaaacatttggggaggcgttgtcgcataatggtatgacgcttgcagctggatctgttg
cagcatttggtgtagcggctttagtaagtaatccagtcggttgggctgtggtaggtattttaacagcagg
tattattggatctattgtttctgattatctttatcaaaataattattttggcataaaagataaagtggac
tgggcaggacataaaatagacgagggtattgatgctgtaaacaaaactgcagaaaaagctgtagatagtg
ttggtaataccattggtgatgccacaaaaagtattagtaatcatattaatcctatgaaatggagttggta
a
>Potential gene 24:25093..25512, 420 bp
atggtagttgcaatattacgagcaatttgacagtgactgccttcgtcgccagtaaatagacgtgtgtggt
gttttttctctaagacaaaatgtttatataatgttgctagagagacatcagcactttgatcatttgctaa
atatccaccatctttaccccgtattgtgttaatcatttttaaatcgacaagttgagtcgtcacgcgtcgt
aattgaacaggatttaaacaagttaattcagctaatgaactactattgaatttttctgaatgatgcttag
ttaaaaaagctaatacatgcacggcaatgttaaattctaaattcaatgtttctcacctcataattgtaac
tgtattagttacaattaaaaatcattttgctcaatgtgtcaatacttatgtttgaaaagtgttgaattag

>Potential gene 25:25172..25660, 489 bp
atgaggtgagaaacattgaatttagaatttaacattgccgtgcatgtattagcttttttaactaagcatc
attcagaaaaattcaatagtagttcattagctgaattaacttgtttaaatcctgttcaattacgacgcgt
gacgactcaacttgtcgatttaaaaatgattaacacaatacggggtaaagatggtggatatttagcaaat
gatcaaagtgctgatgtctctctagcaacattatataaacattttgtcttagagaaaaaacaccacacac
gtctatttactggcgacgaaggcagtcactgtcaaattgctcgtaatattgcaactaccatgtcacatta
tcagcaagacgaacagaatatcattattaatttttataatggaaaaacaatcaaagatgtcattgaagac
attcaaaaggaggatttatgtcatgaaaacatatgatttaattgtaataggatttgggaaagctggtaa
>Potential gene 26:25560..26936, 1377 bp
atggaaaaacaatcaaagatgtcattgaagacattcaaaaggaggatttatgtcatgaaaacatatgatt
taattgtaataggatttgggaaagctggtaaaactttagcgaaatacgctgcatcaacaggtcaacacgt
cgcagttatcgaacaatcttcgaaaatgtatggaggcacttgtatcaatataggatgtataccttcgaag
acacttgtacatgatggattagaaggcaaatcctttgaagcaagttataatcgtaaaaacgatgttgtca
atgcgctaaacaataaaaattaccacttattagcagacgataacaacattgatgtactggattttaaagc
gcagtttaaatctaatactgaagtgaatttattagatcagcatggcgatatcgccgatagtattactgca
cctcatatcattattaataccggtgctacctctgtcattcctaacataaaagaccttgatcaagctaaac
atgtcttcgattcaacaggtttattaaacattaactatcaacctaagcacctcgttattgtaggtggcgg
ttatatcgccttagaatttgcttcaatgtttgcgaatttaggtagtaaggtaacagtattagaacgtggt
gaatcatttatgccacgcgaagatcaagatgtcgttgcacatgctattactgacttagaaaataaaggca
ttgcattgcatacaaatgttgaaacgactgaattgtcatctgacgatcatcatacaacagtccgtactaa
cgttggcaactttgaggctgatgcagtacttttggctatcggacgcaaaccgaatacagatttagcttta
gaaaatactgatatcgaattaggcgacagaggcgaaattaaagtcaatgctcatcttcaaacaactgtgc
cgcatatttatgctgcaggtgatgttaaaggcggacttcaatttacgtatatatctttagatgattatcg
aattatcaaatcagcgttatatggtaatcagtcacgtacgactgacaatagaggcagcgtgccttataca
gtatttatagatccaccattatcacgtgttggattaactagtaaagaagcagccgctcaacattatgatt
acactgaacaccaacttttagtaagtgcaatacctcgtcacaaaattaacaatgatccaaggggtttatt
taaagtagtcattaataatgaaaataatatgattttaggtgctacattatatggtaagcaatctgaagaa
ttaattaatataattaaacttgcgattgatcaaaacattccatataccgtattacgagataatatttata
cacatcctacgatggccgaatcatttaatgatttatttaatttctag
>Potential gene 27:26988..27329, 342 bp
atgaaaaatacattccttatttgtgatgaatgtcaggcagtcaatataagaacgttacaaaagaagttgg
aaaaattagatcccgatgctgaaatcgtgataggttgtcaatcttattgtggacctggacgccgaaaaac
attcacttttgttaataaccgcccactggctgcgcttactgaagaagaattaatcgaaaaagtttctcaa
caattaaagaaaccacgtgattctgaagaagaagagcgtttaagaaaacgacatgaagaacgtaaacgtc
gtaaagaagaacaagatagaaagcttaaagaaaaattagaaaagcgaaaagcacaacaataa
>Potential gene 28:27506..28582, 1077 bp
atgattcaggtcaaagcacccggaaaactttatattgctggagaatatgctgtaacagaaccaggatata
aatctgtacttattgcgttagatcgttttgtaactgctactattgaagaagcagaccaatataaaggtac
cattcattcaaaagcattacatcataacccagttacatttagtagagatgaagatagtattgtcatttca
gatccacatgcagcaaaacaattaaattatgtggtcacagctattgaaatatttgaacaatacgcgaaaa
gttgcgatatagcgatgaagcattttcatctgactattgatagtaatttagatgattcaaatggtcataa
atatggattaggttcaagtgcagcagtacttgtgtcagttataaaagtattaaatgaattttatgatatg
aagttatctaatttatacatttataaactagcagtgattgcaaatatgaagttacaaagtttaagttcat
gcggagatattgctgtgagtgtatatagtggatggctagcgtatagtacttttgatcatgaatgggttaa
gcatcaaattgaagatactacggttgaagaagttttaatcaaaaactggcctggattgcacatcgaacca
ttacaagcacctgaaaatatggaagtacttatcggttggactggctcaccggcgtcatcaccacactttg
ttagcgaagtgaaacgtttgaaatcagatccttcattttacggtgacttcttagaagattcacatcgttg
tgttgaaaagcttattcatgcttttaaaacaaataacattaaaggtgtgcaaaagatggtgcgtcagaat
cgtacaattattcaacgtatggataaagaagctacagttgatatagaaactgaaaagctaaaatatttgt
gtgatattgctgaaaagtatcacggcgcatctaaaacatcaggcgctggtggtggagactgtggtattac
aattatcaataaagatgtagataaagaaaaaatttatgatgaatggacaaaacatggtattaaaccatta
aaatttaatatttatcatgggcaataa
>Potential gene 29:28595..29209, 615 bp
atgcagctgtcagataaggatttatcgagattggcgcgaattggttcgggttctgcgtcgcgtagtattt
atggtggatttgcagaatgggaaaaagggtatagtgatgagacgtcatatgccgttccacttgaatcgaa
tcattttgaagatgaccttgccatgatatttgttgtgattaatcaacattctaaaaaggtacctagtcga
tatggtatgtcattgacacgaaacacatcaaggttttatcaatattggttagatcatattgatgaagatt
tagctgaagcaaaagcagcgattcaagacaaagattttaaacgtcttggtgaagtaattgaagaaaatgg
tttgcgtatgcatgccacgaatctaggatcaacaccgccgttcacatatcttgtgcaagaaagttatgat
gtaatggcgctcgttcacgaatgccgagaagcgggatatccgtgttattttacgatggatgcgggtccta
atgtgaaaatacttgtagaaaagaaaaacaagcaacagattatagataaattattaacacagtttgataa
taaccaaattattgatagtgacattattgccacaggaattgaaataattgagtaa
