>Potential gene 1:2000..3109, 1110 bp
atgagaattttaaatattgtatcgagtaatattgttcaagacccaagggtacttaaacaaatagaaacaa
ttaaaggcgttacggatgattataaaattgttggaatgaataattcacaagctactaataagcgattgga
aaatttagattgtaattatcgtttgttaggtagcaaggtagatccaaaaaatattctttctaaattaatt
aagcgtataagatttgcaacaggtgttatccgagaaattaaagcttataaacctgacgtgattcatgcaa
atgatttcgacgtattattaatggtctatttaagcaattataaaaaagctaatattgtttatgatgcgca
tgaaatatatgcgaaaaatgcctttattaataaagttccacttatttcaaagtttgtagaaagtatagaa
aaacacatagtaaaacatcgtgttaatgccttcgtaacagtaagtcatgcagcaaaagaatattatcaat
ctaaaggatataagaaggaagcgaatgttattacgaatgcacctattttaaatgatagcagagaatttaa
agaaatcgaaaactttaaagaaattgtatatcaaggtcaaattgtaatggacagaggatatgaagagttt
attattgcttcatcagcttttaaacaaaatgctccttcattcataattcgagggtttggtccgcatgaag
aagtgataaaagaactgattagttataacccggaaaatattaggttggataaaccagttgaagtaaaaga
attggttgataagttagcagaaagtaatgttggtgttgtcttgacgaaaccagtatctattaattttgaa
tatacagtatctaataaaatttttgaatgtatacatgctggtttaccagtaattttatctcctgtcaaag
agcatatttatctcaatgaaaaatataaatttggcattgttctaaaggaagttacgccgttagaaattga
aaaggcggttagaaaattaagagataatcacgatttgtttaatcatttacgtcaaaatgcaattaaggcg
tctaaaattttgaattggcaaatagagagtgaacggttagtagaattatataaattttaa
>Potential gene 2:3114..3746, 633 bp
atgacgatgaggatagcgattgaaaagataattggtttgctgaaaaaccagtcctctaaagaatcgaatg
ttaagattcatcgcttggcgtatattacaaactcaaaatttgatggcaataactatatagatagatggtg
taaaatcaggaattctcacattggtgaatacagttatattggatttggtagtgattttaataatgtagaa
gtaggaagatattgttcgatatcttcggatgtaaaaattgggttaggaaaacatcctacacactttttta
gctcatcaccgattttttattctaataataatccatttaacataaagcaaaagtttatagactttaatga
ccaaccaagccgtacaacaattaaaaatgatgtgtggattggtgcaaatgtaattattatggatggttta
acaataaatactggtgcagtcatagcagccggctcagttgttactaaaaatgtaggagcatatgaggttg
ttggtggtgttcctgcaaaagtgattaagaagcgatttgacaataaaacaattgaaaaacttttggaaag
caagtggtgggagaaaacgcctgacaaactaaaaggattttcggttgaatatttaaataaaaaggatact
taa
>Potential gene 3:3731..4867, 1137 bp
atggaaaaactgaaattaatgacaatagttggtacaaggcctgaaatcattcgtttatcatcaacgatta
aagcatgtgatcaatattttaatcagatattagtacacactggtcaaaattatgattatacattgaatca
aattttctttgatgatttggaattaagacaaccggaccactacttagaggcagttggaagtaaccttgga
gaaacgatggggaatattattgcgaagacatatgatgttttattacgcgaacaaccagatgcacttttaa
ttcttggtgatacaaatagttgtttagcagcagtatctgctaaacgattaaagattcctgtgttccacat
ggaagcgggtaatagatgctttgatcagaatgtacctgaagaaatcaatcgtaaaattgttgaccatgtc
agtgatgtgaatctaccttatacggaacatagcagacgttatttattagatgaaggcctcaataaagcga
atatctttgtgacaggatcaccgatgacagaagtgatagaagcgcatcgagataaaattaatcacagtga
cgttttaaataaactaggattagaaccgcaacaatacattttagtatctgcgcatagagaagagaatatc
gataatgaaaagaattttaaatcattaatgaatgcgataaatgatattgccaaaaagtataaaatgcctg
tgatttattcaacgcatccaagaagttggaagaaaattgaagaaagtaaatttgaatttgatccattagt
taaacagttaaagccatttggtttctttgattataatgcattgcaaaaagatgcatttgttgtgctatca
gatagtggaacattgtcagaagagtcgtctattttgaagttccctggtgtccttattcgaacttccacag
aaagaccggaagtactagataaaggtacggttattgtaggtggtattacctataacaatctaatccaatc
cgttgaactagcaagagagatgcaaaacaataacgaaccgatgattgatgctattgattataaagacact
aacgtttcgacaaaggtagttaaaattattcaaagctataaagatattatcaatcgaaatacttggagga
aatgacgatgaggatag
>Potential gene 4:4871..5221, 351 bp
atgaatgtggatgataggggttcttttacagaatttataaaaacaccggatcgtggtcaagtttctgtaa
atatttctaaaccaggtattactaaaggtaatcactggcatcatactaaaaacgaaaaatttctagtcgt
atcaggtaaaggggtaattcgttttagacatgttaatgatgatgaaatcattgaatattatgtttctggc
gacaaattagaagttgtagacataccagtaggatacacacataatattgaaaatttaggcgacacagata
tggtaactattatgtgggtgaatgaaatgtttgatccaaatcagccagatacgtatttcttggaggtata
g
>Potential gene 5:5993..7177, 1185 bp
atgaggttcatcctgaacaagtatttgaaaaaatttatcgtggcaaagtacaacatatgaaatgtaatga
agttgaagcgattattcaagacatcgtcaatgactttagtaaagaaaaaattattaactatgccaatggc
aaaaagggagataattatgttcgatgacaaaattttattaattactgggggcacaggatcattcggtaat
gctgttatgaaacagtttttagattctaatattaaagaaattcgtattttttcacgcgatgagaaaaaac
aagatgacattcgaaaaaaatataataattcaaaattaaagttctacattggtgatgtgcgtgatagtca
aagtgtagaaacagcaatgcgagatgtttattacgtattccatgcagcagctttaaaacaagtgccgtca
tgtgaattctttccagttgaggcagtgaagacaaatattattggtacagaaaatgtcttacaaagtgcta
ttcatcaaaatgttaaaaaagtcatatgtttatctacagataaggcagcgtatcctattaatgctatggg
tatttcaaaagcaatgatggaaaaagtattcgtagccaaatcaagaaatattcgtagtgaacaaacgctt
atttgtggtacaagatacggtaatgtgatggcttcaagaggatcagtaatacctttgtttatcgacaaaa
tcaaagctggagaacctttaacgattacagatcctgatatgacaagatttttaatgagcttagaagatgc
ggtagaactagttgttcatgcatttaagcatgcagagacaggagatattatggttcaaaaagcaccaagc
tcaacggtaggggatcttgcgaccgcattattagaattgtttgaagctgataatgcaattgaaatcattg
gtacgcgacatggagagaaaaaagcagaaacattgttgacgagagaagaatacgcacaatgtgaagatat
gggtgattattttagagtgccggcagactccagagatttaaattatagtaattatgttgaaaccggtaac
gaaaagattacgcaatcttatgaatataactccgataatacacatattttaacggtggaagagataaaag
aaaaacttttaacactagaatatgttagaaacgaattgaatgattataaagcttcaatgagatag
>Potential gene 6:6969..7790, 822 bp
atgtttgaaattatggaaacgtataaaccatacgcagtttatcatgcagcagcacacaagcacgtgccgt
taatggaagacaaccctgaagaagcagtacgtaataatattttaggtacgaaaaatactgctgaagctgc
taaaaatgcagaggtaaagaaattcgttatgatttctacggataaagccgttaatccgcctaatgtcatg
ggagcttcaaagcgaattgcagaaatgattattcaaagtttaaatgatgaaacgcatcgaacaaattttg
ttgcagtgagatttggtaatgtacttggatcgagaggatctgtgattccacttttcaaaagtcaaattga
agaaggtgggccagttactgtgacacatcctgaaatgacacgttactttatgacaattcctgaagcttct
agactagttttgcaggcaggggcattagcagaaggtggcgaagtatttgtgctagatatgggagaaccag
tgaaaattgtagatttggcacgtaatttaattaagctaagtggtaaaaaagaagacgacatacgcattac
ttatacagggattagacccggcgaaaaaatgtttgaagagcttatgaataaagatgaggttcatcctgaa
caagtatttgaaaaaatttatcgtggcaaagtacaacatatgaaatgtaatgaagttgaagcgattattc
aagacatcgtcaatgactttagtaaagaaaaaattattaactatgccaatggcaaaaagggagataatta
tgttcgatgacaaaattttattaattactgggggcacaggatcattcggtaa
>Potential gene 7:7798..8922, 1125 bp
atgataaaaaaattcctaaacgaatgccacaacaagattataaacagaaaagatggtttgggttataaac
agcaaatgaggggttttatggcacatttatctgtgaaattgcggcttttaatactagcattaatcgattc
actgatagtgacattttcagtattcgtaagttattacattttagaaccgtatttcaaaacatattctgtc
aaattattaatattggcagctatatcactattcatatcgcatcatatttcagcatttatttttaatatgt
atcatcgagcgtgggaatatgccagtgtgagtgaattgattttaattgttaaagctgtgacgacatctat
cgttattacgatggtggtcgtgacaattgttacaggcaatagaccgttttttagattgtatttaattact
tggatgatgcacttgattttaataggtggctcaaggttattttggcgtatttatcggaaataccttggag
gtaagtcatttaataagaagccaactttagttgttggtgctggtcaagcaggttcaatgctgattagaca
aatgttgaaaagtgacgaaatgaaacttgaaccggtattagcagtcgatgatgacgaacataaacgcaat
atcacaattactgagggtgtaaaagtccaaggtaaaattgcggatattccagaactagtgaggaaatata
agattaaaaaaatcatcattgcaattccaactattggtcaagagcgtttgaaagaaattaataatatttg
ccatatggatggcgttgagttattgaaaatgccaaatatagaagacgtcatgtctggtgagttagaagtg
aaccaacttaaaaaagttgaagtagaagatttactaggcagagatcctgttgaattagatatggatatga
tatcaaatgaattgacgaataaaactattttagttacgggtgcaggtggttcaataggatcagaaatttg
tagacaagtttgtaatttctatccagaacgtattattctacttggccatggtgaaaacagtatttattta
atcaatcgtgaattgcgaaatcgcttcggaaaaaaatgttgatatcgttcctattatagcggatgtgcaa
aatag
>Potential gene 8:8855..9619, 765 bp
atgattgatattcataaccatatattgcctaatatcgatgacggtccgacaaatgaaacagagatgatgg
atcttttaaaacaagcgacaacacaaggtgttacagaaatcattgtaacatcacatcacttacatcctcg
atataccacacctatagaaaaagtgaaatcatgtttaaaccatattgaaagcttagaggaagtacaagca
ctaaatctaaagttttattatggtcaggaaataagaattaccgatcaaatccttaatgatattgatcgaa
aagttattaacggtattaatgattcacgctatttactaatagaatttccatcaaatgaagttccacacta
tactgatcaattatttttcgaattacagagtaaaggctttgtaccgattattgcacatccagagcggaat
aaagcaataagtcaaaaccttgacatactatacgatttaattaacaaaggtgctttaagtcaagtgacaa
cggcgtcattagcgggtatttccggtaaaaaaattagaaaattagcaattcaaatgattgaaaacaatct
gacacatttcatcggttcagatgcgcataacacagaaatcagaccgttcttaatgaaagacttatttaat
gataagaaattacgtgattattatgaagatatgaacggatttattagtaatgcgaagttagttgttgatg
ataaaaaaattcctaaacgaatgccacaacaagattataaacagaaaagatggtttgggttataa
>Potential gene 9:9622..10308, 687 bp
atgtcaaaaaaggaaaatacgacaacaacactatttgtatatgaaaaaccaaaatcaacaattagtgaaa
agtttcgaggtatacgttcaaacatcatgttttcaaaagcaaatggtgaagtaaagcgcttattggttac
ttctgaaaagcctggtgcaggtaaaagtacagttgtatcgaatgtagcgattacttatgcacaagcaggc
tataagacattagttattgatggcgatatgcgtaagccaacacaaaactatatttttaatgagcaaaata
ataatggactatcaagcttaatcattggtcgaacgactatgtcagaagcaattacgtcgacagaaattga
aaatttagatttgctaacagctggccctgtacctccaaatccatctgagttaattgggtctgaaaggttc
aaagaattagttgatctgtttaataaacgttacgacattattattgtcgatacaccgccagttaatactg
tgactgatgcacaactatatgcgcgtgctattaaagatagtctgttagtaattgatagtgaaaaaaatga
taaaaatgaagttaaaaaagcaaaagcacttatggaaaaagcaggcagtaacattctaggtgtcattttg
aacaagacaaaggtcgataaatcttctagttattatcactattatggagatgaataa
>Potential gene 10:10324..10992, 669 bp
atggaaagtacattagaattaacaaaaattaaagaagtattacaaaaaaacttgaagattttaattattt
taccgctattatttttaattattagcgctattgttacatttttcgtcttatcacctaaatatcaagctaa
tactcaaattttagtgaatcaaactaagggtgacaatcctcagtttatggcgcaagaggttcaaagtaat
attcaacttgtaaatacgtataaagaaattgttaaaagtcctagaattttagatgaggtgtcaaaggact
taaatgataagtattcaccatctaaattgtcgagtatgttgacaattacaaaccaagaaaatacgcaact
tatcaacatccaagttaaaagtggtcataaacaagattcggaaaaaattgcgaatagcttcgctaaagtt
acaagtaaacaaattccgaagattatgagtgtggataacgtatcaattttatctaaagcagacggtacag
cagttaaagtcgcaccaaaaactgtagtgaatctaatcggtgcattctttttaggattagttgtcgcgct
tatatatatcttcttcaaagtaattttcgataagcgaattaaagatgaagaagatgtagagaaagaatta
ggattgcctgtattgggttcaattcaaaaatttaattaa
>Potential gene 11:11337..13946, 2610 bp
atgttaactatacctgaaaaagaaaatcgtggatcgaaagaacaagaagtggcaattatgattgatgctc
tagctgacaaagggaaaaaagcattagaagcattatctaaaaagtcacaagaagaaattgatcatattgt
tcatcaaatgagcttagcagctgttgatcaacatatggtgctagcaaaattagcacatgaagaaactgga
agaggtatatacgaagataaagcgattaaaaatttatacgcttctgaatatatatggaattcaataaaag
acaataagacagtagggattattggtgaagataaagaaaaaggattaacgtatgtagcggaaccaattgg
tgttatttgtggtgttacgccaacaacaaatcctacgtcgacaactatttttaaagcgatgattgcaatt
aagacaggaaatccaatcatttttgcattccatccaagtgcacaagaatcgtcgaagcgtgcagcagaag
ttgtattagaagcggcaatgaaggcaggtgcacctaaagatattattcagtggattgaagtgccttctat
cgaagcaacaaaacaattaatgaatcacaaaggtattgcattagttctagcaacaggtggttcgggcatg
gttaagtctgcatattcaactggcaaaccggcattaggtgtgggaccaggtaacgtgccgtcttacattg
aaaaaacagcacacattaaacgtgcagtaaatgatatcattggttcaaaaacatttgataatggtatgat
ttgtgcttctgaacaagttgtagtcattgataaagaaatttataaagatgttactaatgaatttaaagca
catcaagcatactttgttaaaaaagatgaattacaacgcttagaaaatgcaattatgaatgaacaaaaaa
caggtattaagcctgatattgtcggtaaatctgcagttgaaatagctgaattagcaggtatacctgtccc
cgaaaatacaaaacttatcatagccgaaattagcggtgtaggttcagactatccgttatctcgtgaaaaa
ttatctccagtattagccttagtaaaagcccaatctacaaaacaagcatttcaaatttgtgaagacacac
tacattttggtggattaggacacacagccgttatccatacagaagatgaaacattacaaaaagattttgg
actaagaatgaaagcttgtcgtgtacttgtaaatacaccatcagcggttggaggtattggtgatatgtat
aacgaattgattccgtctttaacattaggttgtggttcctacggtagaaactcaatttcacataatgtta
gtgcgacagatttattaaacattaaaacgattgctaaacgacgtaataatactcaaattttcaaggtgcc
tgctcaaatttattttgaagaaaatgcaatcatgagtctaacaacaatggacaagattgaaaaagtgatg
attgtctgtgaccctggtatggtagaattcggttatacaaaaacagttgagaatgtattaagacaaaaaa
cggaacagcctcaaattaaaatatttagcgaagtcgaaccgaacccatcaactaatacagtatataaagg
tctggaaatgatggttgatttccaaccggatacaatcattgcacttggtggtggttcagcgatggatgct
gcaaaagcaatgtggatgttctttgaacaccctgagacatcattcttcggtgctaaacaaaagttcctag
acatcggtaaacgtacttataaaataggcatgcctgaaaatgcgacgttcatttgtatccctacgacatc
aggtacaggttcagaagtaacaccatttgcagttatcacagatagtgaaacaaatgtaaaatatccgttg
gctgattttgctttaacacctgacgttgcaattattgaccctcaatttgtgatgagtgtgccaaaaagcg
ttacagcagatacaggaatggatgtactaacgcatgcaatggaatcatatgtatctgtaatggcttcaga
ctacacaagaggtttgagtctacaagcgattaaattgacgttcgaatatttaaaatcatctgttgaaaag
ggtgataaagtttcaagagagaaaatgcataacgcatcaactttggctggtatggcatttgcaaatgcat
tcttaggcattgcacactcaattgcgcataaaattggtggcgaatatggtattccgcatggtagagcgaa
tgcgatattactaccgcatattatccgttataatgccaaagacccgcaaaaacatgcattattccctaaa
tatgagttcttcagagcagatacagattatgcagatattgccaaattcttaggattaaaaggtaatacga
cagaagcactcgtagaatcattagctaaagctgtctacgaattaggtcaatcagtcggaattgaaatgaa
tttgaaatcacaaggtgtgtctgaagaagaattaaatgagtcaattgatagaatggcagagctcgcattt
gaagatcaatgtacaactgctaatcctaaagaagcactaatcagtgaaatcaaagatatcattcaaacat
catatgattataagcaataa
>Potential gene 12:14396..14617, 222 bp
atgatatttgatagacatgctaacttaaagtatagatatggaaatagaaagttttggtgtaaaggatttt
atgtggatacagtaggtagaaataaaaaagtgattgaaaattatattcgtaatcaattacaagaggatat
cgttgcagatgaaatttcaatggaagaatatttagatcctttcactggagagaaaaataaaaaaagaaag
aaaaaagagtaa
>Potential gene 13:15166..15510, 345 bp
atgtttataataatattgaaagatatttctgttttccttttgaataataaacttaaaagagaatataaaa
taatgcttattaaaattaggggtggaaatatgaaaagagatttttttgaaaagtggtcgtttattttaaa
tttaattttattttgtgcttttttgtttttagtggttctgatgttttataaggatgtcgatttgatttat
attttttgtacattattaatatcattattacctttgctaaatattataaaaagaataggctgggaaataa
atcaatcttctatgatctacgaagttatattggcagtaattgactgaacgaaaatgcgcttgtaa
>Potential gene 14:15594..15860, 267 bp
atggttgattgttggaaagattgttttgatgatttgcatattttaaaaccgaatttaaaaatgattgaaa
atatacaagaacgagcaatgcttcatttattaactcacgaagaagaggaatggggaaatttagaaagacg
tactaaaaataaatatagagataagttgaaaaatatagcgtctattgatttgacagatttaatgaaaata
tctttaagaggaaatgaaaaccaattgcaaaaacaaatcgacttttggttgaattaa
>Potential gene 15:15869..16414, 546 bp
atgtcactagctattccaaaattgtcttttgacgctataacgattgttgggaatcttagcatgtctaacg
cagagagactttcacattttatgagtactaatcctgaaattcggctttgggatattttacaaacaaactt
taaagctaaagctcttaaagaaaaagtttatattgaatatgacaaaataaaagcaactctttggaataga
cgtagtatgcgcgttgaatttaatcctaataagctttcgcatgatgaagtgctttggttaaaacaaaata
tcatcagttatttggacgatgttagttttacgagattagatttggcttttgattttgaatttgatttaaa
tgactattatgcattgtcagataagtcggtaaagaaaactatattttatggacgtaatgtaaaaccagaa
acaaaatattttggtgtgcgtaatagtgataggtttattcggatttataataaaaacaagaacgtaaaga
taatgcagatgttgaaattgattcaacatttctatggcgtgtggaaattgaattaa
>Potential gene 16:16353..16586, 234 bp
atgctaagattcccaacaatcgttatagcgtcaaaagacaattttggaatagctagtgacatcctatgtc
gatttaaccggctattaccggatattagagtatccagttttacaaatggatgaaacgaaattcaaaacac
taaaaaatatgttccactaacagcaaaaaaataccattatgttcctactaaaaaactaaaaatactggag
aacaaatgtcaggatataacttag
>Potential gene 17:16727..16921, 195 bp
atgtcacgtcctgtcaaaatgaatagtttattaaagttgtattttgatagaaatttactgacaccacaaa
aattattgaattatttaaaagttgatgaaacatttttgaatcatctagcaggtattaatttaaaactctt
taaggattatgttaatgaaaatagagaatataatataacgaatctatataaataa
>Potential gene 18:16984..18549, 1566 bp
atgtcaaacatagcattttatgtcgtgagtgacgtacatggttatattttcccaacagattttacgagta
gaaatcaatatcaacctatgggattgttactagcgaatcatgttatagaacaagacagaaggcagtatga
ccaaagttttaaaatagataatggtgattttttgcaagggtcaccattttgtaattacttaatcgcgcat
agcggcagtagccagcctttagttgatttttataatcgaatggcattcgactttggtacgcttggtaatc
atgaatttaattatggattaccatacttaaaagacactttacgcagactcaattatccagttttgtgcgc
taatatatatgaaaatgatagtacattgactgataacggtgtgaagtattttcaggttggagatcaaact
gttggtgtgataggtttaacgacacaatttattccccattgggaacaaccagagcatattcagtcactta
cgtttcatagtgcttttgaaatacttcaacaatacttacctgaaatgaagcgacatgcagatatcattgt
ggtttgttaccatggtggatttgaaaaggatttagaaagtggtacgccgaccgaagtattaacgggtgaa
aatgaaggatatgccatgttagaagcgttttctaaagatatagatatctttattacgggtcaccaacatc
gacaaattgctgaaaggtttaagcaaacggctgtgattcaacctggtacgagaggtacaactgtaggcag
agtagtcttgagtactgatgaatatgaaaatctatccgttgaatcatgtgaattacttcctgttatagat
gattccacatttactattgatgaagatgaccaacatttacgaaagcagttagaggactggttagattacg
aaattactacattgccatatgatatgacgattaatcatgcatttgaggcacgtgtggcaccgcatccttt
tacaaattttatgaattacgctttattagaaaaaagtgacgcagatgttgcctgtacagctttgtttgat
tctgctagtggtttcaagcaagtcgtgacgatgcgagatgttattaacaattacccatttccaaatacat
ttaaagttttagctgtaagtggtgccaaacttaaagaagccattgaacgatcagcagaatattttgacgt
gaaaaatgatgaagttagtgtgagcgcagacttccttgaacccaaaccacaacactttaattatgatata
tatggtggcgtaagttataccattcatgttggaagaccaaagggacaacgtgtgagcaatatgatgattc
aaggtcacgcagttgatttaaagcagacatatacaatttgtgtaaataattatcgtgcagtaggcggtgg
tcagtatgatatgtatatcgacgcgccagttgtaaaagatattcaagttgaaggcgcacaattacttatt
gattttttatcaaataataatttgatgcgcatcccgcaagttgttgattttaaagttgaaaagtgacgga
tatatgtaaaacttacttgattttaa
>Potential gene 19:18600..20144, 1545 bp
atgaaaaaaatatataagtcattaactgtctctgcaattgttgcaacggtatcattaagtgctttaccgc
aatctttagctataacgcatgaatcgcaacctacaaagcaacagcgaacggtattattcgatcgttctca
tggtcaaacagctggtgctgcagattgggttagtgatggtgcattttcagattatgcggattcaatacaa
aaacaaggttatgacgttaaagctattgatggtcattcgaacataacagaagcaagtttgaaaagttcca
aaatatttgtaattcctgaggctaacattcctttcaaagaatcagaacaggcagcaattgttaaatatgt
gaaacaaggtggcaatgttgtctttatttcagatcattacaatgctgaccgaaatttaaatcgtattgat
tcatcggaggcaatgaatggttatcgacgtggagcatatgaagatatgtcgaaaggtatgaatgcagaag
aaaaaagttctactgcaatgcaaggtgtgaaaagttcagattggttatctacaaactttggcgtacgttt
tcgatataatgcactaggtgatttaaatacgagcaatattgtttcttcaaaagaaagtttcggtattact
gaaggtgtgaaatctgtctctatgcatgccggatcgacattagcaattactaatccagagaaagcaaaag
gtattgtgtatacaccagaacaattgccagcgaaaagtaaatggtcacatgctgtagatcaaggtattta
taatgggggcggtaaagcagaaggcccctatgtagcaatttctaaagttggaaaaggtaaagcagcattt
atcggtgattcatcacttgtggaagatagttcgcccaaatatgtaagagaagataatggagaaaagaaga
aaacatatgatggttttaaagaacaagacaacggtaagctattaaataatataacggcttggatgtctaa
agataatgatgggaaatcacttaaggcgagtagcctaacattagatacaaagactaagttgcttgatttt
gaacgaccagagcgttcaactgagcctgaaaaagagccatggtcacaaccgccgagtggttataaatggt
atgatccaacaacatttaaagcaggtagttatggcagcgaaaaaggcgcagatcctcagccaaacacacc
agatgatcatacaccaccaaatcagaacgaaaaagtaacatttgatatcccgcaaaatgtttctgtaaat
gagccatttgaaatgacaatacatttaaaaggatttgaagcaaatcaaacacttgaaaatcttagagttg
gtatttacaaagaaggcggacgtcaaatcggacaattttcaagtaaagataacgattataacccaccagg
ttacagtactttgccaacagttaaagcagatgaaaacggaaatgtcacaattaaggtcaatgctaaagta
cttgaaagtatggaaggttcaaagattcgtttaaaactcggtgacaaaaccttgattacaacagacttca
aataa
>Potential gene 20:20373..21329, 957 bp
atgaaaaattttaagtgtttatttgtattaatgttagcagtcattgtttttgcagcagcatgtggaaact
caagttctttagataatcaaaagaacgctagtaatgattcggattctaaatcaggaggatacaaacctaa
agaattaaccgttcaatttgtaccttcgcaaaatgctggaacattagaagctaaagcaaaaccattagaa
aaattactatctaaagaattagggattccagttaaagtgtctgtatcaactaactacaatacaattgttg
aagctatgaagtctaaaaaagttgatgttggtttcttaccaccaacggcatacacattagcacatgatca
aaaagcagctgatttattattacaagcacaacgtttcggtgtaaaagaagatggttcagcaagtaaagaa
cttgtagatagttataaatcagaaattcttgttaaaaaagactcaaaaattaaaagcttgaaagatttaa
aaggtaagaaaattgccttacaagatgtaacatcaactgctggatatacattcccacttgcgatgttaaa
aaacgaagcaggtattaatgcaactaaagatatgaaaattgtgaatgttaaaggtcatgaccaagcagtt
atctcattattaaatggagatgtagatgctgcggctgtatttaacgatgcacgtaatactgtgaaaaaag
accaaccaaatgtatttaaagacacacgaattttaaaattaacacaagctattccgaatgacacaatttc
tgtaagaccagatatggataaagattttcaagaaaaattgaaaaaagcttttatagacattgctaaatca
aaagaaggtcacaaaattattagcgaagtttattcacatgaaggatacacagaaacgaaagattcaaatt
tcgacattgtaagagagtacgaaaaattagttaaagatatgaaataa
>Potential gene 21:21543..22316, 774 bp
atgagtcaaatcgaatttaaaaacgtcagtaaagtctatcctaacggtcatgtaggcttgaaaaatatta
acttaaatattgaaaaaggtgaatttgcagttattgtcggactatctggtgctgggaaatccacgttatt
aagatctgtaaatcgtttgcatgatatcacgtcaggtgaaattttcatccaaggtaaatcaatcactaaa
gcccatggtaaagcattattagaaatgcgccgaaatataggtatgattttccaacattttaatttagtta
aacggtcaagtgtattacgaaatgtactaagtggacgtgtaggttatcaccctacttggaaaatggtatt
aggtttattcccaaaagaagacaaaattaaggcaatggatgcactagaacgcgtcaatatcttagataaa
tataatcaacgctctgatgaattatcaggtggccaacaacaacgtatatctattgcacgtgcgctatgcc
aagaatctgaaattattcttgcagatgaaccagttgcttcattagacccattaactacgaaacaggttat
ggatgatttaagaaaaatcaaccaagaattaggcatcacaattttaattaatttacattttgttgacttg
gcaaaagaatatggcacacgcatcattggtttacgtgatggtgaagttgtctatgatggtcctgcatctg
aagcaacagatgacgtatttagtgaaatatatggacgtacaattaaagaagatgaaaagctaggagtgaa
ctaa
>Potential gene 22:22318..23130, 813 bp
atgcctttagaaatacctacaaagtatgactcccttttaaagaaaaaggtttctttaaaaacgagtttta
ccttcatgttaatcattgtgcttatcatttggagcttcatttatacgggatttaattttggagatttaat
gataggaatacctcaaataggtgatctattcaaacaaatgattccacctgatttcgagtatttacaacaa
attacaacgccaatgttagataccattcgaatggctatcgtaagtacagtattaggtagcatcgtttcaa
taccaattgcgttattatgtgctagcaatatcgttcatcaaaagtggatttcaataccctcgcgctttat
tttaaatatagttcgtactattccagatttgttattagcagcaatctttgtggctgtatttggaatcggt
caaattccagggatattagcactgtttattttaactatctgtattattggaaaattattatatgaatcat
tggaaacgatagatccaggtccaatggaagcaatgacggctgttggcgctaataaaataaaatggattgt
tttcggtgttgtaccacaagccatatcgtcatttatgtcatacgtattatatgcatttgaagtaaatata
cgtgcttcagctgtgcttggattagtcggcgctggcggtattggattgttttatgatcaaacacttggtt
tatttcaatatccaaaaacagcaacgattattttatttactttagttatcgtcgtcgtcattgattacat
cagtacgaaagtgagggcacatctcgcatgacacaggaaatag
>Potential gene 23:22869..23930, 1062 bp
atggattgttttcggtgttgtaccacaagccatatcgtcatttatgtcatacgtattatatgcatttgaa
gtaaatatacgtgcttcagctgtgcttggattagtcggcgctggcggtattggattgttttatgatcaaa
cacttggtttatttcaatatccaaaaacagcaacgattattttatttactttagttatcgtcgtcgtcat
tgattacatcagtacgaaagtgagggcacatctcgcatgacacaggaaatagcaaaatataatgttcaca
caaaagcacacaaacgaaaattgattaaaagatggcttattgcaattgtcgtcttagctattatcatctg
ggcatttgcaggtgtaccaagtttagaacttaaaagtaaatcattagaaatcttaaaatccatattcagc
ggattattccatcctgatatcagctatatctatataccagatggcgaagacttattacgtggtttacttg
aaacctttgcgatagccgttgtaggtactttcatcgccgcaattatctgtattccattagcatttctagg
tgcaaataatatggtaaagctacgcccagtttcaggtgttagcaaatttattttaagtgttatacgtgtc
ttcccagaaattgtaatggcacttatatttatcaaagctgttggcccaggttcattttcaggtgtattag
ctttaggtatccattccgtaggtatgcttgggaaacttttagctgaagatattgaaggtctagatttcag
tgctgtagaatcattaaaggccagtggtgcgaataagattaaaacactcgtatttgcagtcataccacaa
attatgcctgcctttctatcactcatactttatcgctttgaactaaacttacgttcagcttctatactgg
ggctaattggggctggtggtatcgggacaccactcatatttgccattcaaacacgttcttgggaccgtgt
aggtattatattaatcggtttagtactaatggtcgcaattgtcgatttaatttccggttcaatccgaaaa
cgtattgtttaa
>Potential gene 24:24061..25239, 1179 bp
atgacaagaccatttaatcgtgtacatttaatcgtaatggattcagtaggtattggtgaagcgccagacg
cagctgattttaaagatgaaggttcacatactttaagacataccttagaaggtttcgatcaaactttacc
aaaccttgaaaagttaggtctagggaacatcgataaattaccagtagtaaatgcagttgaacaaccagaa
gcatactatactaaattgagtgaagcttcagttggtaaagatacaatgactggtcactgggaaattatgg
gattaaatattatgcaaccttttaaagtataccctaatggattccctgaagagttaattcaacaaattga
agaaatgacaggtcgtaaagttgttgctaacaaaccggcatcgggtacgcaaattatcgatgagtggggc
gagcaccaaatgaaaactggtgacttaattgtttatacaagtgcagacccagtattgcaaattgctgcac
atgaagacattatcccattagaagagttatatgatatttgtgaaaaggttcgtgagttgacaaaagaccc
taaatatttaattggtcgtattatcgcacgtccatatgttggtgaaccaggaaactttacacgtacatct
aatcgacatgactatgcgttaaaaccttttggtaaaactgtcttagatcatttgaaagacggtggttatg
atgttattgccatcggtaaaattaatgacatttatgatggtgaaggtgtaacagaagcggttcgtacgaa
gagtaacatggacggtatggatcaattgatgaaaattgttaagaaagatttcacaggtattagcttctta
aacttagtagactttgatgcattatacggtcatcgtcgtgataaaccaggttatgcacaagcaattaaag
atttcgatgatcgcttgccagaactgtttagcaacttaaaagaagacgatttagtaattattacagcaga
ccatggtaatgacccgacagcgccaggtacggaccatacgagagaatatatcccagtaattatgtacagt
ccgaaatttaaaggtggtcatgcactagaaagtgatactacattcagttctatcggtgcaactatagcag
ataatttcaacgtaacattaccagagttcggtaaaagttatttaaaggaattgaaatag
>Potential gene 25:25267..25929, 663 bp
atgaaatttgagaaatatatagatcacactttattgaagcctgagtcaacacgtacgcaaatcgatcaaa
tcatcgatgaagcgaaagcatacaattttaaatctgtatgtgtgaatccaacacatgttaaatatgcagc
agagcgactagctgattcagaggtgctcgtttgtacggtaataggattcccattaggtgcgtcgacaact
gcaacgaaagcatttgaaacagaagatgcaattcaaaatggtgcagatgaaattgacatggtcatcaaca
tcggcgcattaaaagatggacgttttgatgatgtacaacaagacattgaagcagtggttaaagctgcgaa
aggtcacacagtaaaagtgattattgagacggtattgttggaccatgacgaaattgtaaaagcgagtgaa
ttaacaaaaacggctggtgcggacttcgttaaaacttcaacaggttttgcaggtggcggtgcgactgcag
aagacgttaaattaatgaaagatacagtaggtgctgatgtagaagtaaaagcatcaggtggcgtacgtaa
tttagaagatttcaataaaatggttgaagcaggtgcgacacgtattggtgcgagcgcaggtgttcaaatt
atgcaaggtttagaagcagattcagattactaa
>Potential gene 26:26010..27368, 1359 bp
atgattatgaatgttgaatattctaaaataaagaaagcagtacctattttattattcttatttgtattca
gtttggttatagacaactcatttaaattgatttctgtagccattgctgatgacttaaacatatctgtaac
gacagtaagttggcaagcgacattagccggtttagtaattggtattggcgctgtagtatacgcttcatta
tctgatgccattagtatacgcacactatttatttatggcgtgatattaatcattatcggatcaattattg
gttacattttccaacatcaattcccattacttttagttggacgtattattcaaactgccggtttagctgc
tgcagagacattatatgtgatatatgttgcaaagtatctttctaaagaggaccagaagacttaccttggc
ttaagtacgagcagttattccttgtcattagttatcggtacattatcaggtggatttatttctacgtatt
tacactggacaaatatgtttttaattgcattaatcgtagtatttacgttgccattcctatttaaattatt
accaaaagaaaataatacgaataaagctcatttagattttgttggcttaattctagtggcaactattgct
acaacagtcatgctgtttattacgaactttaattggttatatatgattggtgccttaattgcgattatcg
tttttgcgctatatattaaaaatgcgcaacgtccattagtaaataaatcatttttccaaaataaacgtta
tgcttcatttttatttatagtatttgtaatgtatgctatccaattgggttatatttttacgttcccattc
ataatggagcaaatttatcatctgcaactagacacaacatcactgttattagtaccgggttatatagtag
cagtcattgttggtgcactaagtggtaaaatcggcgaatatctgaattcaaaacaagcgattatcacagc
aattattttaatagcactgagcttgattttacctgcatttgcagtaggtaatcacatttcaatcttcgtc
atttctatgatattctttgcaggtagctttgctttaatgtatgcacctttacttaacgaagccattaaaa
caatagatcttaatatgacaggtgtggctattggtttttataatttaattattaatgtggcggtatctgt
aggtattgcgattgctgcggctctaatcgattttaaagcattaaatttcccaggcaatgatgcattaagt
tcacatttcggtattattttaattattttaggtttaatgagtattgtcggattagttttattcgtcagct
taaatcgttggacacaatctgaaaaataa
>Potential gene 27:27369..28127, 759 bp
atggttagacaaatagacaaatcactatacaaatattgggaggaatattttatgaaatcaacaccacaca
ttaaaccaatgaatgacgtcgaaattgcagaaacggttctattgccaggagatccgttaagagctaagtt
cattgcagaaacttatttggatgatgtggaacagttcaatacagtgcgaaacatgtttggttttaccgga
acatataaaggtaaaaaagtttctgtcatgggttcaggtatgggtatgccatctattggcatttactctt
atgaattaattcatacatttggttgtaaaaaattaattcgcgttggctcttgtggcgcgatgcaagaaaa
cattgatttatatgatgtgattattgcacaaggtgcctctactgattcaaattacgttcaacaatatcaa
ttaccaggtcattttgcgccaattgcttcttatcaattattagaaaaagcagttgaaacagcacgtgaca
aaggtgtacgtcatcatgtaggtaatgtgttatcaagtgatattttctataacgcggatacaacagcgag
tgaacgttggatgcgtatgggtattttaggtgtagaaatggaatcagctgcattatacatgaatgcaatt
tacgctggtgtcgaagcattaggtgtgttcacagtgagcgatcatttaattcatgaaacgtcaacaacac
ctgaggaaagggaacgtgcatttacagatatgattgaaattgcactgtcattggtgtag
>Potential gene 28:28312..29067, 756 bp
atggaggttgtctacgtgacgcaaacacaaccaaaatttttaacgatttataatacgttatataaagaaa
ttcaaataggaaaatatccgagtggccatgcattacctactgaaaaggaactttgtgcgcgctttgatgt
cagtcgtatgactttgcgccaagctataaaattgttagccgaagatggcatcgtagagagtacaagaggg
aagggacactttgttattccacaaacaaatgcccaacacgcttcaagtatggatcaatttaagcatccac
ttgatcaaatattgctagctcgcgtatctatgtcatcaattaattatcgtgttgatttagaaagtgaata
tacaaatcatttgtttgcaaaccatccttctgccgtcattgcaatggaacgctattatcaaaaaaaggac
aatcattctaagcaagctgatgcattttgctttacctttataccgttaaatgtcattgacacatttaaag
tgaatacacaaaacgaagacgacatgaagacattcgttgagcaaacgatttatagcaatgcatatcaatc
agatttaaaaatgtctattaccaaagcgccccacttcaaaaatcatagtcacgtgtttgatggtgataca
cattgttggctgattattgaaacactgtacgcacaaacaccttatccaattatgattaataagtggtata
ttccacaggaaatatctgaattaacactgacacgtataagacaatcggattattaa
