>Potential gene 1:1084..1281, 198 bp
atgattatgagaaaagagattgaagcgcttattttctcagacgtaagtagctatgatatttacgtgaaca
ctggtgtaaatcaaggattaattggtgacatcaaagatggttacctaactattgattctatgccttacat
tgatgctgagcgtttgtatcactttgctatggaacgtaaatcgttagtcactaactag
>Potential gene 2:1815..2633, 819 bp
atgatgattcattcaaagaaattaacgctcggtatatgcttggtattactcattatattgattgtaggtt
atgtcattatgacaaaaacaaatggtcgaaacgcccaaattaaagacacatttaatcaaacattaaaatt
atatccaaccaaaaatctcgatgatttttacgataaagaaggctttcgagatcaagaatttaaaaagggt
gataaaggtacttggatagttaattctgaaatggtaatcgagccaaaaggtaaggatatggaaacgagag
gaatggtgctctatatcaatcgcaatactagaaccacaaaagggtattattttataagtgaaatgacaga
tgacagtaacggcaggccaaaggatgatgaaaaaaggtatccggtaaaaatggaacataataaaatcata
ccaacgaagccactaccgaatgacaagttaagaaaagaaatcgaaaactttaaattctttgtacaatacg
gtgactttaaagatattaatgattataaagatggtgacatttcatataatcctaatgttccaagttattc
cgcaaaatatcaattgaaaaacgatgactacaatgtgaagcaacttcgaaaaagatatgatattccaacc
aacaaagctccgaaattattaataaaaggtgatggtgatttaaaaggctcatctgtaggatcaaaaaatc
tagaatttacctttgtagaaaataaagaagaaaacatttattttacagattctgtacaatatactccaag
tgagggtacaagttatgagtcaaactgaatatcaaataaaacctggtaa
>Potential gene 3:3166..3405, 240 bp
atgaaggaaaaagaacagattagtgaggttattgcgcctgaacatgttcggatgcatcatgatcatcaaa
ataagctgaaaagtgatgagaaaatattacttgaccaaatggtaagtcattttaaaaaatttgaagatga
ttttaaaaatgcggcacaaggggcttgggtgaaaaatgccacagacgaattaaaagatattagtaatgat
ttagaaaaaattcaagatattaaagtataa
>Potential gene 4:3456..3782, 327 bp
atgtttactacgtataaaaatattaatgaacttgaaaatgcctatgatgaagaaagaaaacaattgaatg
atgcattcaatcaaattgatgaattaagacatcaaacacgcaagaaatgtgaacaaatgtatgatcattt
cttatatctcaaacataaaatgaattatagtgaagacgctatgatcaggatgacacgtattatagaatct
ttcgatagagaaacgaatcaacgtatccgacatcacgaaatgaaattagaagattataaagatgagttaa
gaagagaatatctaaaacaatctgacagaattgaaggagatgaataa
>Potential gene 5:3782..5056, 1275 bp
atgatgaaatcagattatcaaattaattcaggtaatataacaagtcattctgaagaaacaagtgcagtgt
caaaaattggctatgaaattgaaaatgccaataataataatttgggggtagaaaaaatcaggaggcaaat
tgtaaagttacaaaaaaaggacagtttccctaaaaatttaaaatatgtcgatagttatacagacccaaaa
acaggtacgactacaagtgcctttttaaataaagacacaggcaaagttactttaggtatgacaggtacta
atgtaaacaaagatgcaagtgaaacgctaaaggattttggggccgatgtcaatattggccttcatatagt
cacagataaagatccacattataaaaatacccaagactttatcaaaaatatcaaaaaagactatgatatt
gatattattaccggacattcgctgggcggtagagatgcgatgattttaggtatgagtaatgatattaaac
atatcgttgtgtataatccagcgccattagcgatcaaagatgtgagtggtctttatgccgatgaagatga
acttaaaaaattgattgaaaagtacgatggtcacattgtaaggttcgtgtctgatgaagacgaattagat
gcagttgtccgcaatcatttatatgaaactgctggggaaaaaatagtacttaaaaatggagaaggccatt
caatgagtggttttttaataagcggaacacaggctataatcttagccgaattaaacaaagttaaaggcta
tcaagacgaaaataataaatcattaaaatccgttcgtaaacaaacgaggcatagattacataaagtagag
acgttaagagcgaattggattcaaacaacgggtggatcactctcttcctcccaacaacaattattagaag
ctttaacagcactaaccattgccgaaggcttaaatcaattagtgaatgaagaaagccaacatttgaaaaa
aatgtatcacgcgatggcacataaatttggagacaactggaaaaaaacgcaagaagttggaaatgaaatt
ggtgaaaaattaacctctgaagaggttatagatgaattaagaaaaggtggcgcgtatgaaagtaaacttg
aaacagatcccaaaagaaaaattgatgataagataaagaaattaaatgatgtttataaaaattgtaatgg
ctatatcgcaaaaattaaacagagtatcgaagcaattgtttctaatgaccaaatgttagcgagccagatt
gatgggatgatgtaa
>Potential gene 6:5017..5829, 813 bp
atgatgattcattcaaaaaaattaacgctcggtatatgtttggtattactcattatattgattggaggtt
atgtcattatgacaaaagcaaatggtcgaaacgcccaaattaaagacacatttaatcaaacattaaaatt
atatccaaccaaaaatctcgatgatttttacgataaagaaggctttcgagatcaagaatttgacaaagga
gacaaaggtacttggataatcagctctgaaatgaatattcaattaaagggagaaagtttaaaatcaagag
gaatgattctatatatgaatagaaatacaagaaggacaacaggttatttttttgtaagtgaaacaaaagg
aaaaacgtatgaaaaagaaagaaaatatccagtcaaaatggaacataatcaaattatcccaacgaagcca
atacaagatgacaagttgaaaaaagaaattgaaaactttaaattttttgtacaatatggcaattttaaag
atattaatgattataaaaatggtgatatttcatataatcctaatgtgcctagttattcagcggaatatca
attgaggaatgatgattataatgtgcaacagttaagaaaaaaatatgacataccaacgaaacaagcaccg
aaactgttattaaaaggcgatggtgatttaaaaggatcatctgtagggtctaaagagttagaatttactt
ttgtcgaaaataaaaaagaaaatatttacttttctgataatattgattataaaccgactgagcgagatga
attatgatgaaatcagattatcaaattaattcaggtaatataa
>Potential gene 7:6015..6872, 858 bp
atgatgatgcattcaaagaaattaatgctcggtatatgtttggtattactcattatattgattgtaggtt
atgtcattatgacaaaaataaatagtcgaagcgcccaaattaaagacacatttaatcaaacattaaaatt
atatccaaccaaaaatctcgatgatttttacgataaggaaggctttcgagatcaagaatttggcaaagga
gacaaaggtacttggattattaattctggaatgaacatccaattaaaaggaggagccttaaaatccagag
agatggtactttacatcaatcgtaacactagaacaacgaaaggatattttatagtaggtgagataactaa
agataaaaaaggatatacacatgataaagataaaaaataccctgtcaagatggaacataatcaaataatc
ccaacaaaacctataaaagacgagaagttaaaaaaagaaattgaagactttaagttttttgtacaatatg
gcaactttaaagattttaaagattataaaaatggggatatttcatacaatccaaacgtaccaagttattc
ggcaaaatatcaattaagtaatgacgattataatgtccaacaattaagaaaaagatatgatataccgact
aaaaaagcaccagaactattgttgaaaggtgatggcgatttaaaaggttcatccataggctctaaagact
tagaatttatctttgtacaaaataaaagagagaatatctattttacagattcggttgaatttactccaag
cgaggatgataaatcgtgagtcaaactgaatagggataatagaagtttggaattaaattttcataaagca
ctaggtaaaagattataa
>Potential gene 8:6980..7732, 753 bp
atgatgattcattcaaaaaggttgaggctctggctgtatttagtattattagctgtttttattagcgcgt
gtaacgtgaaagaagataaacaaattaaagaaaatttcaacaaaacattgagtttatatccaaccaagaa
tctcgatgatttttacgataaggaaggttttcgagatcaagagtttgataaaagagataaagggacttgg
attattaattctggaatgaacatccaattaaaaggaggagctttaaaatccagagagatggtactttaca
tcaatcgtaacactagaacagctaagggatattttttaataagtgagacaacagaagacaaaaaaggata
cgtccataataaagataaaaaataccctgtcaagatggaacataatcaaattattccaacgaagcccata
agggatgataagttaaaaaaagagattgaaaactttaagttctttgtacaatatggggattttaaagatt
ataaagatggggatatttcatacaatcctaacgtaccaagttattccgcaaactatcaattgaataatga
tgattataatgtccaacaattaagaaaacgatatgatatatcaaccaaaagggctccggaattaaaattg
agaggatctggcgatttaaaaggctcatctgtaggttctaaagaactagaatttaactttataagaaata
aagaaggaaatgtgtatttttctgatagtattaatttcaaacctactgaatag
>Potential gene 9:8035..10896, 2862 bp
atgagtagattactaaatgatttcaatcaatctttacataaagggtttatagacaaagatatttctcata
aaggtaattatacaccgaagcttttagtaaataataaaaatgaaaaagttctttcaacaattatagatga
acttcaaaaatgtgaaacgttctatttttctgtagcttttataacagaaagcggtttagccagcttaaag
gctcaactattagatttaagcaataagggtgttaaagggaaaatattaacatctaattacttagggttta
atagtcctaaaatgtatggagaattacttaaattaaaaaatgtagaggtaagattaaccgatattgctgg
attccatgccaaaggatatatttttgaacataaggattatagttctatggtaataggaagctctaattta
acatctaatgcgttaaaggttaattatgagcataatgttttactgtctactatgaaaaatggcgatttag
ttgatagtgtaaaaaatgaatttgacttgttatggcaaaagagtatcccactgactgagcaatggattaa
ttcatataaagaatcatttgagtaccgttccttagaaaaattagcggaggttgaacaaactcaaatgctg
ctagctgataaggtgaaaaaatcagtggaaattgtacccaatttaatgcaagcagaagcattaaggtcat
taaaagctattagggataaagccaaagataaggcgttaataatatctgcaactggtacaggtaaaacgat
tttatgtgcattagatgttagagaagtaaaccctaataaatttttatttattgttcataatgaggggatt
ttaaatagagctaaggaagaatttaaaaaagtattacctataaaaaatgatagtgattttggattgttga
caggaaaacatagagatgtcgatgccaaatatttatttgcaaccattcaaacattatctagagatgataa
ttttaagcaatttgatgaaaatgaatttgattatattgtttttgatgaagcacatcgttctgctgcatct
acttatcaacgagtatttaattacttcaaacctaagttcatgctgggaatgactgctacaccagaaagat
cagatgaattaagtatatttgaactgtttgattataatattgcatatgaaataaggttacaagcagcgtt
agaaagtgatattttatgtccatttcattattttggtgtgactgattatgtacatcaaggtattaaagaa
gatgatgtaactaaactgagatatttaacttctgatgaaagagttaattatattattcaaaagacagatt
actatggatattcaggtgaaattttacaaggattaatttttgtgagtagcaaaaaagaagcttatgattt
agcggataaactaagttcaaaagggattaaaagtgttgctttaacaggagatgatagtgttaattatcgc
caaattgtaatagaaaaattaaaagaaggtaagattaactatattataactgtagatctttttaacgaag
gtattgatattccagaagtcaatcaagttgtaatgttgagaccaacagagtctagtattatattcattca
gcaacttggtagaggattaagaaaaagtgcaaataaagagtatgttactgtaattgattttattggtaat
tataagaccaattatttaattccgattgcgctttctggagatcaatcgcaaaataaagataattataaga
agtttttaacgaataacgattcgattaatggagtatctacaattaattttgaagaagttgctaaaaaaca
gatttacaattcattggatgcagtatcattgaatcaaaataaattaatattaaaagcttatgaagaagtt
gaaaatagattgggacacatgccgttactaatggattttatacaacaacattctatagatccaagcgtta
tattttctaaatttagtaattattacgagtttttagtaaggtataaaaaaatagatactttattgacgga
aaatgaatctaaaaatctggttttcttttcaagacaaatagcacctggattgaaaagaatcgatagttta
gttttagaagaacttttaaaaaatgaattaacatatgatgaattaaaaaataaaatgttgaacgaagtta
aggttataacagaagatgatatagatacttcattaagaattttagatttttcattttacaacgcaggaat
tgaaaaaatctatggaagtcccattatagaatgtaatgaaagaatgataagactaagcgatgcatttact
aatgctctaagtaatcaaacatttaaaatatttttagaagatcttattgaattatcaaagtataacaatg
aaaaataccaaaaaggtaaaaatggactgattttatataataaatattcaagagaagattttagcaaaat
atttaattggaataaaaatggttcgtctgtaatcatgggatacatgataagaagccaagaaatgccaata
tttatcacttatgataagcatgaggatataagtgatagcacaaaatatgaagatgaatttttaagtcaag
atgaattaaaatggtttactaaatctaatagaacgctaaaatcaaaagaagttcagaaaattttgtccca
tagagcaaaaggaattaaaatgtatatttttgtacagaaaaaagatgatgatggtatatatttttattat
ttaggaactgctggatatatagaaggttcagagaagcaagataaaatgccgaatggttcaaacgtagtaa
ctatggatttagcactcgataaagctgtaagagatgatatatatcgctatataacaaattaa
>Potential gene 10:10898..11317, 420 bp
atgattttaaattgaagggtgagtcttatgaaaaaagtaatcaatgtagtaggagctattattttttctg
ataacaaaattctttgtgcacagagaagtgaagaaatgagtctgcctttaatgtgggaatttcctggagg
taaggttgaaaagaatgaaactgaaaaagacgctttgattagagaaattagagaagaaatgaaatgtgat
ctaattgttggagacaaagttataactacagaacatgaatatgattttggaattgttaggttaacaacat
acaaatgtactttaaacaaagagttaccaactctaactgaacataagagtattgaatggttgtcaataaa
cgaacttgataaattaaattgggccccagcggatataccagccgttaataaaattatgaccgagggataa

>Potential gene 11:11395..13230, 1836 bp
atgatatatcactcttacatctactccatgcattttcatacacatctattatataatacttgtgaaaagt
attgtcttggggctgtgtttttttacttttggggcgtatttctttataattcaatacataaatgtaaggg
ctttagttttcatgttttattaagtctaactgagattttgaaaggatgtttagcaacaatggataaagaa
ttatggatagaaagagctaatgatagtttagttaaacatttttatgagcagcaatctgacattgaacagc
gagaaggttttgaaagtaaattaacatttggtactgcgggtatacgcggaaaattcggtcttggtgaagg
tcgacttaataagtttactattgaaaaattggcattaggtttagcgcgttatttaaatgcccaaacaaac
agtccaacaatagtcattcattatgatattagacatctttcaactgaattcgcccaaattattgctaatg
tattagcaaaccatcaaataacagtttatttacctgatacatataaaacgacaccggaattatcgttcgc
ggtgcgcaatcttaatactactgctggcattatgattacagcaagtcataatccgaaagactataacggc
attaaagtatatggttctgatggtgcgcaactatcaacagatgcatctgagcttgcaagtcgttatatcg
aagaagttggcgatccattacagattgacataccttcttcaaaacaaaatacatcttatatcaagccatt
tccgaaatctgtaactgatggctatatgaaacacattcaaaatatgattggctatattcctaaatctgat
ttacaagttgtgttcactagtttacatggtacaagtgttccgattgtacctgagttattaaaatctttga
atttcaatcaatttaatcttgtagaagcacaatgtaaacctgatccgaattttagctcagttcaaagtgc
taatcctgaagatcatcgcgcttttgataaagcagtcgaacttgcaaataaaagtcatgcaaacttatta
atatcaactgatcctgatgcggatcgtcttggcattgctgaacgtgatgcacatggtcatatcacgtatt
ttaatggcaaccaaattggtgcgctgttacttaattatcgtattcaacaaacgtctcaattacgtcaccg
cttaatgattcaatctattgtaagtagtgagttaacaaagtcattatcacgctataataatgttgaatac
aaagaggtgctgacgggctttaaatttattgctcaggaaataagacaactggatgatcatcaaaatatga
ttttcgcatttgaagagagttacggttttctatcagagccttttgtacgtgataaagatgccgtacaaat
tgtgccactcattataaaatacgcttctgagttaaaattatatggcaaaacattgaaagatgaattagaa
cagatttatcaaactgttggtagacatgaggatacattattctcgcatacgctagaaggatttgaaggga
aaaagaaaattaatgcaataatgaccaaattccgttcaaatccaccgcaagagattcaaggactgaaagt
gaaagcaattgaagattatttaactagcgaggtttatcatttggataaagacacaacgtcgcagattaat
tctcctaaatcaaatgttattcgtgtcttatttgacgaaggatttatcgctttacgtccttctggtactg
aacctaaaattaaattatatgtgtcgttaaaatgtccgaattttgatgatgtagctcaaaaaattaatgc
gatgatttttagctaa
>Potential gene 12:13514..13780, 267 bp
atgaaaggctctaaacaaatacttttgattatgggcattatatctcttattgttttatttatttttacac
tattcatcatggcacaatatgcaaaacattatgaacaaaaatccgacagttccaacgcacatactttaaa
ctcatcatcagccataattgagcaacatactatgtcgaatttagcgtctctagatttatacgctcctgtt
cgtaacattacttctagtcgtgatattcatcccatttatttcatgacaaaagattaa
>Potential gene 13:14554..15747, 1194 bp
atgttgtacttagaagttttgaaaaatagaaactttacatatttattgattggtaatttcttacgtcgga
gttgctttgtgctgttttcgttacaaataatttggtttactgttgaattgacaaaccaatcatctttaaa
attatcaatgatggttatgagtcaaacactaccatttattatatttggtattttcggtggcgcatattct
gataaacataataaaaagaaaatactttatctatctgatcttatactaagtttgattataataattattc
ctttacttgcaataacatcaaatttaaattatctgacgcttctaaccatatctacagctatcaccattat
taactgctatacggatcctgcgtttagggcaattcttcctgaaattattgatgaggagcatttagcaaca
agtaatgcgttaatcgatagtttgcaaagaggctcaaatattattttacctgctttaattggtgtcattg
taatactagttggtaatgttggcgtcttttttatttgcagtatattgctatttttaggatttatttttaa
tgcacttttaaaatatacaaataacaacatgattgatagacactcaaaagaagatttttctgaaacttgg
gaattcttgaaaaaatctaaagaaattccatttattataatcattcaatttgcctgcatattgattaata
ctggcctttggcgtgttgcattaccattgtttatttccaatatattaaaagagggcgttggtgtatatgg
actagctacatcatgtttaggtatagcgtctttattaatgtcattgattatgggtttactgtcagaaaaa
cgattaatctttaaatttagtattggtgttttagtttggggaattggtttatcgattattaatgtgtttc
caagtgtggcgatattgtatataggtgcaacattagtgggacttggacaatctatagagggactaacaag
atcagttgccattcaaataaaaacgccaaatcatttgatggggaaagtatttagtatctcatctacatcg
aattacgcagcggatacattatctttaggactgataagtttaattatacctttactaagcttaagtaata
tatttatatcaggaggtgcaattatttcaatgcttagcttatcggggttaaagttttttaagaagtctat
gtaa
>Potential gene 14:14756..15391, 636 bp
atggcaactgatcttgttagtccctctatagattgtccaagtcccactaatgttgcacctatatacaata
tcgccacacttggaaacacattaataatcgataaaccaattccccaaactaaaacaccaatactaaattt
aaagattaatcgtttttctgacagtaaacccataatcaatgacattaataaagacgctatacctaaacat
gatgtagctagtccatatacaccaacgccctcttttaatatattggaaataaacaatggtaatgcaacac
gccaaaggccagtattaatcaatatgcaggcaaattgaatgattataataaatggaatttctttagattt
tttcaagaattcccaagtttcagaaaaatcttcttttgagtgtctatcaatcatgttgttatttgtatat
tttaaaagtgcattaaaaataaatcctaaaaatagcaatatactgcaaataaaaaagacgccaacattac
caactagtattacaatgacaccaattaaagcaggtaaaataatatttgagcctctttgcaaactatcgat
taacgcattacttgttgctaaatgctcctcatcaataatttcaggaagaattgccctaaacgcaggatcc
gtatag
>Potential gene 15:16130..16702, 573 bp
atgatgtgattaaacacggaccaaaaacgggtacaccagaaacaaaaaacagtagagataccgtttgaaa
caaaacgtgagtttaatccaaaattacaacctggtgaagagcgagtgaaacaagaaggacaaccaggaag
taagacaatcacaacaccaatcacagtgaacccattaacgggtgaaaaagttggcgaaggtcaaccaaca
gaagagatcacaaaacaaccagtagataagattgtagagtttggtggcgagaaaccaaaagatccaaaag
gacctgaaaacccagagaagccgagcagaccaactcatccaagtggcccagtaaatcctgacaatccagg
attatcgaaagacagagcaaaaccaaatgaaccagttcattcaatggataaaaatgataaagttaaaaaa
tctaaaattgctaaaaaatcagtagctaatcaagagaaaaaacgagcagaattaccaaaaacaggtgcag
aaagcacacaaaaaggattgatctttagtagtataattggaattgctggattaatgttattggcacgtag
aagaaaaaattaa
>Potential gene 16:16617..18716, 2100 bp
atgcaaatgagagataagaaaggaccggtaaataaaagagtagattttctatcaaataaattgaataaat
attcaataagaaaatttacagttggaacagcatctattttaattggctcactaatgtatttgggaactca
acaagaggcagaagcagctgaaaacaatattgagaatccaactacattaaaagataatgtccaatcaaaa
gaagtgaagattgaagaagtaacaaacaaagacactgcaccacagggtgtagaagctaaatctgaagtaa
tttcaaacaaagacacaatcgaacatgaaccatcagtaaaagctgaagatatatcaaaaaaggaggatac
accaaaagaagtagctgatgttgctgaagttcagccgaaatcgtcagtcactcataacgcagagacacct
aaggttagaaaagctcgttctgttgatgaaggctcttttgatattacaagagattctaaaaatgtagttg
aatctaccccaattacaattcaaggtaaagaacattttgaaggttacggaagtgttgatatacaaagcaa
tccagaggatctaaaggtatctgaagtcactcgtttcaataataaaagtattggaaaaaacgaattgaca
ggagcattacaattaaagaataaagtttcttttaaaaatgactttgagtttaacattagagtagctaata
atcatcaatcggtaacaactggcgctgatggatgggggttcttatttagtaaaggtgacggtaacgaata
tttacaaaagggaggtatattaggtcccaaaggaatggaaaattcagcaggatttaaaattgatacaggg
tataattttaaagatcccatggataaagaagagaaacaggcaggacaaggatttaaagggtatggtacgt
ttgtaaaaacaggtgctgatggaactacagcaaaggttggaacaaacataccaacaagaggtaaagcgga
taattcattccaatatgcagataattctattgatacaacagatggaaaattccatggtcaattacttaat
aatttaaaattagcgtacaatgaaaaatcggggataatgagagccgaatatgctggtaaaatttgggaag
ctaatatatcagatttgggattggataaatctgaagcatataactttttaattacttctagtcaaagaca
gggaacatctcaaggtgtatatgcaaatggttggatgagaacagatttaaataactcaacatttaaacta
acgcctaatctagttaataaaacagaaacaaaaacagtagagataccgttcgagacaaaacgtgaattta
atccgaagttacaacctggtgaagagcgagtgaaacaagaaggacaaccaggaagtaagacaatcacaac
accaatcacagtgaacccattaacaggtgaaaaagttggtgagggtcaaccaacagaagagatcacaaaa
caaccagtagataagattgtagagtttggtggcgagaaaataccgcaaggtcataaagatatcttcgatc
caaacttaccaacagatcaaacggaaaaagtaccaggtaaaccaggaattaagaatccagacacaggaaa
agtgatcgaagagccagtggatgatgtgattaaacacggaccaaaaacgggtacaccagaaacaaaaaca
gtagagataccgtttgaaacaaaacgtgagtttaatccgaagttacaacctggtgaagagcgagtgaaac
aagaaggacaaccaggaagtaagacaatcacaacaccaatcacagtgaacccattaacgggtgaaaaagt
tggcgagggtcaaccaacagaagagatcacaaaacaaccagtagataagattgtagagttcggtggcgag
aaaataccgcaaggtcataaagatatcttcgatccaaacttaccaacagatcaaacggaaaaagtaccag
gtaaaccaggaattaagaatccagacacaggaaaagtgatcgaagagccagtggatgatgtgattaaaca
cggaccaaaaacgggtacaccagaaacaaaaaacagtagagataccgtttgaaacaaaacgtgagtttaa

>Potential gene 17:19015..19371, 357 bp
atgaatgatttgaaaagcaagagcaatattaaattaatgaaaagagtattaactacatatgagctgcgta
aatatttaaaaaaatatttttgtcttacattagataattatttagtattagcatatttagatgtatttaa
aaatgatgaaggtaaatattttatgagagacattataagttatatcggtatagaccaatctagaattgtt
aaaagcgtaaaagaattatcaaaaaagggttacttgaataaatgtagagacccacatgatagtagaaatg
taatcattgttgtttctgtaaaacaacacaattatattaaaaatcttttgagtgaaataaatattaatga
aacataa
>Potential gene 18:20118..20438, 321 bp
atgaacattatgtactcaaaagattttttaaaatatcgatttaatttaacatttcttgatttatctatct
tatatgtaatatcatctcgaaaaaatgagatactaaatttaaaagatttgtttgaaagtattagatttat
gtatcctcaaattgttaggtcagttaatagattaaataataaaggtatgctaatcaaagaacgatccctt
gcagatgaaaggattgtgttaatcaaaataaataaaatacaatataacactattaaaagcatattcacag
atacttccaagattctcaaaccaagaaaatttttcttttaa
>Potential gene 19:20650..21444, 795 bp
atgccaaaggaaatgcttcctatcttagataaacccacaatacaatatatcgttgaagaagctgcaagag
ctggaattgaagatattattatagtgacaggtcgccacaaacgcgcgattgaagatcattttgatagtca
aaaagaattagaaatggtgttaaaagaaaaaggtaaatctgagttactagaaaaagttcagtattcaaca
gaacttgcgaatattttttatgtaaggcagaaagaacaaaaaggtttagggcatgcgattagttctgcgc
gtcaatttatcggcaatgaaccatttgcggtattattaggtgacgatattgttgaatctgaagtgccagc
agtgaaacagttgattgacgtttatgaagaaacagggcactcagttataggtgtccaagaagttccggaa
gcagatactcatcgttatgggattattgacccattaactaaaaacggacgtcagtatgaagtgaaaaagt
ttgttgaaaagccagcacaaggtacggcaccatcaaacctagctattatgggacgttatgtattaacgcc
tgaaattttcgattatttaaaaacgcaaaaagaaggcgcaggtaacgaaattcagttaacagatgcgatt
gaacgtatgaataatgataaccaagtgtatgcatatgacttcgaaggcgaacgttatgacgttggagaaa
aattaggcttcgttaaaacaacgatagaatatgcattgaaagatgacagtatgcgagaagaattaacacg
atttattaaagaattagggttataa
>Potential gene 20:21696..24674, 2979 bp
atgatcgttgttgggatgggacaagataaagaagctgcagcatcagaacaaaagacaactacagtagaag
aaaatgggaattcagctactgaaaataaagtaaacgaaacacaaacaactacaactaacgttaatactat
agatgaaacacaatcatacagcgcaacagcaacagaacaaccgtcaaacgcaacacaagtaacaactgaa
gaagcaccaaaagcagtacaagcaccacaaactgcacaaccagcaaatttagaaacagttaaagaagagg
tagttaaggaagaagcgaaacctcaagttaaggaaacaacacaatctcaagacaatagcggagatcaaag
acaagtagatttaacacctaaaaaggccacacaaaatcaagtcgcagaaacacaagttgaagtggcacag
ccaagaacggcatcagaaagtaaaccacgtgtgacaagatcagcagacgtagttgaagctaaggaagcta
gtgacgagaaagtggaaacgggtacagatgtgacaagtaaagttacagtagaaagtggttctattgaggc
acctcaaggaaataaagtagagccacatgctggtcaacgtgtcgtattgaaatacaaattgaaattcgca
gatggattaaaaagaggagattattttgattttacattatcaaataatgtaaatacttatggggtttcaa
cagctagaaaggtaccagagattaaaaatggctcagttgtaatggctacaggtgagatcttagggaatgg
taacataagatatacatttactaacgaaattgaacacaaggtagaggtaacagctaatttagaaatcaac
ttatttattgaccctaaaactgtacaaagcaatggagaacaaaagattacttctaaattaaatggtgaag
aaacagaaaaaacaataccagttgtttataatccaggtgttagcaatagttatacaaatgtaaatggatc
aattgaaacatttaataaagaatctaataaatttacacatatagcttatattaagccaatgaatggaaac
cagtcaaacactgtatcagtaacagggacgttgactgaaggtagtaatttagctggtggacaacctactg
ttaaagtatatgaatatctagggaaaaaagatgaattgccacaaagtgtttatgcaaatacatcagatac
taacaaattcaaagatgtaacaaaggaaatgaatggaaaattgagtgtgcaagacaatggtagttactca
ttgaatttagataagttggataaaacgtatgtcattcattatacaggtgaatatttgcaagggtcagatc
aggttaattttagaactgaattatatgggtatccagaacgagcatataaatcttactatgtttatggggg
atatcgtttaacttgggataatggtttagttttatatagcaataaagctgacggcaatggtaaaaatgga
caaattattcaaaataatgattttgaatataaagaagatactgcaaaaggaactatgagcgggcagtacg
atgccaagcaaattattgaaacagaagaaaatcaagacaatacaccgcttgacattgattaccacacagc
tatagatggtgagggtggttatgttgatgggtatattgaaacaatagaagaaacggattcatcagctatt
gatatcgattaccatactgctgtggatagtgaagcgggtcacgttggaggatacactgagtcctctgagg
aatcaaatccaattgactttgaagaatcgacacatgaaaattcaaaacatcacgctgatgttgttgaata
tgaagaggatacaaacccaggtggtggccaagtaataactgagtctaacttagttgaatttgacgaagag
tctacaaaaggtattctaactggcgcagtgagcgaccatacaacagttgaagatacgaaagaatatacga
ctgaaagtaatctgattgaactagtagatgaattacctgaagagcatggtcaagcacaaggaccaatcga
ggaaattactgaaaacaatcatcatatttctcattctggtttaggaactgaaaatggtcacgggaattat
ggtgtgattgaagaaatcgaagaaaatagccacgttgatattaagagtgaattaggttatgaaggtggcc
aaaatagcggtaaccagtcattcgaggaagacacagaagaagataaacctaaatatgaacaaggtggcaa
tatcgtagatatcgatttcgatagtgtacctcaaattcatggtcaaaataaaggtgatcagtcattcgaa
gaagatacagagaaagacaagcctaaatatgaacatggtggtaatatcattgatatcgacttcgacagcg
tgccacatattcatggattcaataagcacactgaaattattgaagaagatacaaacaaagataaaccaaa
ttatcaattcggtggacacaatagtgttgaatatgaagaagatacacttccacaagtaagtggtcataat
gaaggtcaacaaacgattgaagaagatacaacgccgccaacaccaccaacaccagaagtaccaagtgagc
cggaaacaccaacaccaccgacaccagaagtaccaagtgagccggaaacaccaacaccgccaacaccaga
ggtaccaagtgagccggaaacaccaacaccaccaacgccagaggtaccagctgaacctggtaaaccagta
ccacctgccaaagaagaacctaaaaagccttctaaaccagtggaacaaggtaaggtagtaacacctgtca
ttgaaatcaatgaaaaggttaaagcagtggcaccaactaaaaaagcacaatctaagaaatctgaactacc
tgaaacaggtggagaagaatcaacaaacaaaggtatactgttcggaggattgtttagtattttaggattt
gcattattacgcagaaataaaaagaatcacaaagcataa
>Potential gene 21:24878..25078, 201 bp
atgaaaggcgtttcaagacatgtttttgtgcgtattgtacaggcgataattatgaaacgcttagtatatt
gttttaaattagataatgatgaatttaatttgaaaaataagtataaaaaatacaagccttgtgtgacaag
ggtttatgatgacttgaatacaatttataggtatatttcaaataataaaattatcaattaa
>Potential gene 22:25212..26648, 1437 bp
atgactactatatattatgtggaatacgtgcgcgacgacggtgttacattctattgaaaagagaaagagg
ggaatgtcatgtttaacgaaatatggccgttaatcagtgttgttttaggtatcgttattttattagtatt
aattattgggtttaaattaaatacatttatttcattaattatcacatcgatgattacagcgttaatgcta
ggtataccattgactaaaattatggagacgattgagaaagggatgggcagtacgctcggccacattgcac
taatattcggtttaggtgccatacttgggaaattacttgctgatggtggtggtgcaactcgaattgcaga
cacgttgattcaaaaatttggtcaaaaacatgtacaatgggcaatgcttgttgcagcatttatcgtcggt
attgcattgttctttgaagtaggtttagtcttactgattccattagtatttacagtagcaaaacgcgcaa
atgtttcagtgttaaaactaggactacctatggtaacagctttatctgtgacacatggctttttaccacc
acatccaggaccggtagtcatcgcaaaagaattaaaggcaaatgttggagatgtattactgtacggtatg
attattgccattccagttacactcattgcaggacctatatttaacaaagttgcacaaaaaatgattccgt
ctgcgtatacacgagaaggcgatatttcagcgttaggtgcacaaaaagaatttacggatcaagagatgcc
aggatttggtatgagtttattaactgcaacattaccagtcatattaatgttagtgtctacgataacgcaa
cttgtaactgggcacgacaaacctacaaatctatttgaatctatcatttatatgataggaacagcaggga
cagccatgctaatagcagtattatttgcaatcgttacgatgggattaatgagaaaacgtaagatgaatca
tattatggaatcagtgacgaatgcgatttatccaatcggaatgatgttattgattattggcggtggcggt
acatttaaacaagtattaattgacggtggtgtcggaaatacaattgctaaaatgtttgaaggtacagaga
tgtctccaattttactagcatggattgttgcagctgtgctacgtatcgcattaggttcggctacagtagc
tgcgatttcaactacaggtattgtcttaccattattacaatcatcagatgtaaatgttgcattagttgta
cttgcgataggtgcaggtagtgtgattttgtctcatgtaaatgacgcaggattttggatgtttaaagaat
attttggtttaactgtaaaagaaacattcttaacatggtcattattagaaacgattatttccgtttcagg
tatcatcttcattctattcatcagcttatttgtttaa
