>Potential gene 1:187..339, 153 bp
atgcctacacagtattcaatggaacgtgagttattcgaaattaaagaaacatcaattacacattcggacg
gtcacacatcaattagtaagacgccaaaagtaacaggcaaaggacaacaatactttgttaataagttttt
aggagaaaaataa
>Potential gene 2:364..540, 177 bp
atgaacacactatacaaaacaaccctcctcatcacaatggcagttgtgacgtggaaggttgtaaagattg
agaaaaacacaagatttaaacttagaaattttgattatccaaaaattaataatgctcagagcaaatcatt
gttggatattgctagtcacgatctaaaagatatttaa
>Potential gene 3:515..745, 231 bp
atggaatttaatgattttcaaaatttctttggtgaacttagtaatcaagccgaaaaagaattcggtggtg
acagtgacttttttagagatagaataaataagttgaaagaagatgctcctgaaaacgtatcttacgaaat
tatttattcaatagctttatacgaaagcttaaaagctcaacaagatatgaaaattttgaatacagttaaa
tatcttttagatcgtgactag
>Potential gene 4:816..1037, 222 bp
atgataaaaaatagtttgcaagctaaagaacttgcagtaattttatctgtttctaaatccaaagcaggac
aaataataagagaactgaataaagagcttgaagacgaaggttacattgcgattcgaggcagaataccagt
ccaattagctagagaaaaattcccttatcacggcttgtcagacgagagaataatggaggcgttgaaaaaa
gaaaatgagtaa
>Potential gene 5:1105..1329, 225 bp
atgaatatttttgcgtatgatttcgcctatttcgtaatacatcttgacttcctccgtttttcgttttata
ttgaacatgaattttttcttaagtgttttgtttgatactgttacttgttggcgcaagtagcagttttttt
attcttcataaaagtattctttataaaatatgaatgttgcgatacttgcgaatcccgcaattgaccacgc
tgtagtgaagtatag
>Potential gene 6:1252..1548, 297 bp
atgttcaatataaaacgaaaaacggaggaagtcaagatgtattacgaaataggcgaaatcatacgcaaaa
atattcatgttaacggattcgattttaagctattcattttaaaaggtcatatgggcatatcaatacaagt
taaagatatgaacaacgtaccaattaaacatgcttatgtcgtagatgagaatgacttagatatggcatca
gacttattcaaccaagcaatagatgaatggattgaagagaacacagacgaacaggacagactaattaact
tagtcatgagatggtag
>Potential gene 7:1558..1809, 252 bp
atgaatcagactgtaacttatatcatccgtcatagggatatgccaatttatataactaacaaaccaactg
ataacaattcagatgttagttactccacaaatagaaatagagctagggagtttaacggtatggaagaagc
gagtatcaatatggattatcacaaagcaatcaagaaaacagtgacagaaactattgagtacgaggaggta
gaacatgactgaacaaacattatttgaacagttgaacagtaa
>Potential gene 8:1772..2395, 624 bp
atgactgaacaaacattatttgaacagttgaacagtaaaaacgtgaatgatcatacagaacaaaaaaatg
gattaacttatctagcatggtcatatgcacaccaagagctgaaaaagattgacccaaactacacagtaaa
agtacacgagtttccacatccagatattaacacagaaaattattttgtaccttatttggctacaccagaa
ggctattttgtacaggtatctgtgactgtgaaagatagtacagagactgagtggcttccagtattggact
ttagaaataaatcgcttgctaaaggtagtgcaacaactttcgatattaacaaagcgcaaaaacgatgttt
tgtaaaagcttcggctttacacggtttaggcttatatatctacaacggcgaggaactaccaagtgcaagt
gacaacgatattacagaattagaagagcgtatcaatcagttcgtgaacttatctcaagaaaaagggcgag
atgcaactatcgataaaacgatgagatggctaaaaatatctaacattaataaattaagtcaaaaacaaat
cgcagaagcacaccaaaaattagatgcgggattaaaacaattggatagtgaggagaaacaataa
>Potential gene 9:2395..2853, 459 bp
atgttaaacagaacagtattagtaggacgcttaacaaaagatccagaatatagaacaacgccaaatggtg
tgagtgttaccactttcactatcgcagttaacagaacatttactaacgctcaaggagaacgtgaggcaga
ctttattaactgtgtaacttttagaaaacaagcagaaaatgtaaataattatttatccaaagggtcattg
gctggcgttgatggacgtttacaatcacgcagttatgaaaacaaagacgggcaacgtgtgtttgttacag
aagtagcagcggacagtgttcaattcttagaaccgaagaatagcaaccaacaaccaaacaacaattatca
tcaacaaagacaaactcaaactggtaataatccttttgataataccactgcgattactgatgatgactta
ccgttctgattggaatgattagatgccaataattactag
>Potential gene 10:2837..3505, 669 bp
atgccaataattactagttatatcactcaagatgacggtacaacaacagttgtcatctcgggtgttgaat
taggcaataaagaaacattactacttgataacggatttgatgtggaagtcgatgtaagcgtcatagatcc
gtttcaaattaccggcaagcaacgacgaaaaatattcgcgcttgtcaaagacatagaagaatatacaggt
caaccaatggactatatgcgacatatgttcatcgagtatgtaaggacttactacggctatgatgaacgta
tttcactaagtaattgtacgagaacacaagcaagtcaaatcattgaagcaacgcttgactggacgttcta
caatgacataccacttagctacaaaacaagcgacttgctgaaacaagataaatcgttcttatactggtca
actgtcaaccgcaactgtgtaatatgcggaaagcctcacgcagacctggcacattatgaagcagtcggca
gaggcatgaacagaaacaagatgaatcactatgacaaacatgtattagcgttatgtcgcgaacatcacaa
cgagcaacatgcgattggcgttaagtcgtttgatgataaatatcacttgcatgactcgtggataaaagtt
gatgagaggctcaataaaatgttgaaaggaggagaataa
>Potential gene 11:3505..4284, 780 bp
atggttaaatcgatatttttacaagatggagaagaaattttagttgatgatgaagattacgagagagtta
atcagcatacttggcataaagcttttaaagataattacagaatgattgtgaatagtgataaaaagcattt
acctgattttattctaaaaaaaagtttccaaaaaataaaaaacaatgatttcacaagaaaaaatctaaca
actgaaggtaataaaacaagatggagcaaagcgaagtgtaacaattcatctaaatataaaggcgtttcat
gggataaaaaaaataataattggtatgcatgtatagctgttgataaaaaaaccaaaaacttaggtcactt
tgtaaatgaagatgaagcagcaaaagcttacaacaatgcagttaatgaatattggggtggtgttggttac
cttaatataattggagaagataataggctgaaaaaaagaaactataaaacaaacataaagcaattgaaga
ggggaactgataaaaacaatttaagaggaataaacaaaataaaacatagatattattcaaaaatatttta
ttctggcaactatatagcgttaggcggatatgacgatttaaacaaagcgagattagtttacaacaaatgt
tcgtcatacctgcatggatctgacgcgatccttaacgacgtacctatgacagatgaacttaaagaattca
tatctaactgggaagtaccggacaaaataaaagcgctgaaaggagaagacaatgggagaagtatcgtgga
taaaacttaa
>Potential gene 12:4256..5053, 798 bp
atgggagaagtatcgtggataaaacttaaagttggcatgtttgatgacagcaaaatcaaatatatcgaag
ctttacccgaaagagatacgatcataaccatttgggttaagttgctaactttatcaggaaagtacaacga
acaaggttacattatgttatctgaaaacttgccgtataacgaagaaatgttagcaaatgagtttagccga
cctattaactcaataaggttagcaatacaaacttttgagacgttgggcatgattgaaaaagttaatggtg
tcataaaagtgacaaactgggaaaaacaccaaaacattgaaggactcgagaaaatcagggctcagaacag
gttgaggaaacaaaagcaacgagaaaacaacagaaaattgctaaatggtcacgtgacgtcacgtgacagt
cacgcaacagaagaagataaagaattagataaagaattagaaagagataaagaaatagataagaacttaa
gttcaaataatagcgcaactgacgttacgcatgagcaatttgaggaatggtggaaactttacaacaagaa
aaaagataagaagatgtctttcactaaattcaaatcatgcgtaaagaaacatacttttgagcaaatcatg
caaggtactcgagagtatttaaaaactattacagacaaacaatatcaaaagtaccctaaaacgtttttaa
ctaacgaaagctatatgaatgattatagcgaagagattaaagaaactggtatagatcaattggaacgtat
gaagtacgacgaaagttattgggactag
>Potential gene 13:5063..5836, 774 bp
atgaaaccgttattcaacgaaaaaataaacgaaagtttaaaaaaatatcaaccaatcgaagtaatactaa
gacagaattgcgataaatgcgggcatcaatatgacttatataagtttgaaaatggatatgaatacaaaga
cggttgcgaatgtgaaattcaaagattggcttacgaagaatacaaaaggaataaacaaaagaaacttgat
tatattttcaatcaatcaaatgttaatccgtcattaagagatgcaacggttaacaactataagccacaaa
atgaaaaacaagtaaaagctaaacaaacagcaatagagtatgtacagggtttctctacaaaagaaccaaa
atcattaatattgcaaggttcatatggaactggtaaaagccacctagcatacgctatcgcaaaagcagtc
aaatctaaagggcatacagttgcttttatgcacataccaatgttgatggatcgtatcaaagcgacataca
acaaaaatgcagttgaaactacagacgagctagtcagattgctaagtgatattgatttacttgtactaga
tgatatgggtgtagaaaacacagagcacactttaaataaacttttcagcattgttgataacagagtaggt
aaaaacaacatctttacaactaactttagtgataaagaactaaatcaaaatatgaactggcaacgtatca
attcaagaatgaaacacaatgcgagaaaagtaagagtaatcggagacgatttcagggagcgagatgcatg
gtaa
>Potential gene 14:5830..5988, 159 bp
atggtaaccaaagaatttttaaaaactaaacttgagtgttcagatatttatgctcagaaactcatagacg
aggcacagggcgatgaaaataggttgtacgacctatttatccaaaaacttgcagaacgtcacacacgccc
cgctgtcgtcgaatattaa
>Potential gene 15:6001..6222, 222 bp
atgccgaaagaaaaatattacttataccgagaagatggcacggaagatattaaggtcatcaaacatgaag
ataacgagaatgaagtttattcgctcacaggagcccatttcagcgacgaaaagaaaattatgactgatag
tgacctaaaacgattcaaaggcgctcacgggcttctatatgagcaagaactaggattacaagcaacgata
tttgatatttag
>Potential gene 16:6232..6726, 495 bp
atgagtaaatacaacgctaagaaagttgagtataaagggattgtatttgacagcaaagtagaatgtgaat
attaccaatatttagaaagtaatatgaatggcactaactatgatcgtatcgaactacaaccgaaatttga
attattaccaaaactagataaacaacgaaagattgaatatattgcagacttcgcgttatatctcgatgac
aaactgattgaagttatcgacattaaaggtatgccaaccgaagtagcaaaacttaaagctaagatgttca
gacacaaatacagaaacataaaactcaattggatatgtaaagcgcctaagtatacaggtaaaacatggat
tacgtacgaggaattaattaaagcaagacgagaacgcaaaagagaaatgaagtgatctaatgcaacaaca
agcatatataaacgcaacgattgatataagaatacctaccgaagttgaatatcagcattttgatgatgtg
gataa
>Potential gene 17:6827..7189, 363 bp
atgggcagtgttgtaatcattaataataaaccatataaatttaacaattttgaaaaagaactaatggcaa
agcgcgggataaacgctggaattgtttctaaacgtgttagaggttgttgggagttttcagaagctttaga
cgcgccttatggcatgcacctaaaagaatatagagaaatgaaacaaatggaaaagattaaacaagcgaga
ctcgaacgtgaattggaaagagagcgaaagaaagaggctgagctacgtaagaagaagccacatttgttta
atgtacctcggaaacattcacgtgatccgtactggttcgatgtcacttataaccaaatgttcaagaaatg
gagtgaagcataa
>Potential gene 18:7174..7455, 282 bp
atggagtgaagcataatgagcgtaataagtaacagaaaagtagatatgaacaaaacgcaagacaatgtta
agcaacctgcacattacacatacggcgacattgaaattatagattttatcgaacaagttacggcacagta
cccaccacaattagcattcgcaataggtaatgcaatcaaatacctgtctagagcaccgttaaagaacggt
catgaggatttagcaaaggcgaagttttacgtccaaagagcctttgacttgtgggattgatgaccatgat
ag
>Potential gene 19:7443..7691, 249 bp
atgaccatgatagataacgcacgcaaagaatacttaaaccaatttttcggatctaagagatatctgtatc
aggataacgagcgagtggcacatatccatgtagtaaacggcacttattactttcatgggcatatcgtgcc
aggttggcaaggtgtgaaaaagatatttgatacagcggaagagcttgaaacatatataaagcaacatggt
ttggaatacgaggagcagaagcaactaactttattttag
>Potential gene 20:7812..8099, 288 bp
atggtaataaaatgtttattaaattttatccgaatacggaggatgacacaaatggataaccgtgaacaaa
tagaacaatccgttataagtgctagtgcgtataacggcaatgacacagagggattgctaaaagagattga
agacgtgtataagaaagcgcaagcgtttgatgaaattcgcgaagctattaatgcgcaatgggttgagtat
ccagaagactgggcgtcagaggttttgagagaagtaagagagcttgaatatgaggaggaacaggaaaatg
aaaattaa
>Potential gene 21:8071..8331, 261 bp
atgaggaggaacaggaaaatgaaaattaatgaatctttgaagaaattaaaagaaaaaggatacaaagaaa
atgaagataaagctatttttaatttagctgatggtacgctagaaatttacatcgaccatgacgaaaaaac
aataattacagaattccatgatttaaaggtattcgtgtcagaagatttaaaagataaaagtatggagagc
gttatgtatgaattggctggaattgatgaggaggacaaggaaaatgactaa
>Potential gene 22:8288..8857, 570 bp
atgaattggctggaattgatgaggaggacaaggaaaatgactaacatcctacaagtaaagctattatcag
aaaacgctagaatgccagaacgaaatcataagacggatgcaggttatgacatattctcagctgaaactgt
cgtacttgagccacaagaaaaggcagtgatcaaaacagatgtagctgtaagcataccagagggctatgtc
ggactattaactagccgtagtggtgtaagtagtaaaacgcatttagtgattgaaacaggcaagatagacg
cgggatatcacggcaatttagggattaatatcaagaatgataatgaaacgttagagagtgaggatatgag
taactttggtcggagtcctgctgggatagatggaaagtatgcccgactacctgtaacagataaaatttta
tgtatgaatggtagttatgtcataaacaaaggcgacaaactagctcaattggttattgtgcctatatgga
cacctgaactaaagcaagtggaggaattcgagagtgtttcagaacgtggagcaaaaggcttcggaagtag
cggagtgtaa
>Potential gene 23:8903..9151, 249 bp
atgttagaaatatttttaatagggtttggcgtttatctcttttatcgcatagcaattatttttcttaaga
gtaaaaagactatacacacaaacatatatgaaatgttaatgcttgctactatctttatgatatctacatt
tgcttataaacatcaaaagacgcatatcttaatagcatttttagtaatgttttttatgagtaagctcaaa
caagttcaagggagctatgaggaatgacacaatacttag
>Potential gene 24:9136..9411, 276 bp
atgacacaatacttagtcacaacattcaaagattcaacaggacgtaaacatacacacataactaaagcta
agagtaatcaaaggtttacagttgttgaggcagagagtaaagaagaagcgaaagagaagtacgagaaaca
agttaaaagggatgcagttattaaagtgggtcagttgtttgaaaatataagggagtgtgggaaatgatta
aaaaacttaaaaatatggatgggttcgacatctttattgttggaatactgtcattattcggtataa
>Potential gene 25:9339..9740, 402 bp
atgattaaaaaacttaaaaatatggatgggttcgacatctttattgttggaatactgtcattattcggta
taaccgcattgctacttgttgtcgcattgcctatctatacagtggctagttaccaaaacaaagaagtaca
tcaagggacaattacagataaatataacaaaagacaagataaagaggacaaattctatattgtattagat
gataaacaagtcatcgaaaactcagacttattcttcaaaggaaagtttgatagcgcagacatacaagcta
ggttaaaagtaggtgataaagtaaaagttaagacgattggatatagaatacactttttaaatttatatcc
ggtcttatacgaagtaaagaaggtagataaaaaatgattaagcaaatactaa
>Potential gene 26:9871..10071, 201 bp
atgtggattactatgactattgtatttgctatattgctattagtttgtatcagtattaatagtgatcgtg
caagggagatacaagcgctcagatatatgaatgattatctacttgatgaagtagttaaaactaaaggata
caacgggttaaaagaatacaggattgaattaaagcgaatgaataacgatattaaaaagtaa
>Potential gene 27:10099..10515, 417 bp
atgataaagattgagaaacacgatatcaaaaagcttgaagaatacattcagcacatcgataactatcgaa
gagagttgaagatgcgagaatatgaattacttgaaagtcatgaaccagataatgcgggagctggcaaaag
taatttgccgggtaacccgattgaacgatgtgcaataaagaagtttagtgataacaggtacaatacatta
agaaatatagttaacggtgtagatagattgatagatgaaagtgatgaggatacgcttgagttattaaggt
ttagatattgggattgtcctattggttgttatgaatgggaagatatagcacattactttggtacaagtaa
gacaagtatattacgtagaaggaatgcactgatcgataagttagcaaagtatattggttatgtgtag
>Potential gene 28:10747..11046, 300 bp
atgatgactaaagacgaacgcatacgattctataagtctaaagaatggcaaacaacaagaaaaagagtgc
tagaaagagataattatgaatgtcaacaatgtaagagagacggcaagttaacgacatatgacaaaagcaa
gcgtaagtcgttggatgtagatcatatattatcgctagaacatcatccggagtttgctcatgacttaaac
aatttagaaacactgtgtattaaatgtcacaacaaaaaagaaaagagatttataaaaaaagaaaataaat
ggaaagacgaaaaatggtaa
>Potential gene 29:11176..11550, 375 bp
atggagattatagttgatgaaaacttagtgcttaaagaaaaagaaaggctgcaagtattatataaagaca
tacctagcaataaattaaaagtagttgatggtttaattattcaagcagcaaggctacgtgtaatgcttga
ttacatgtgggaagacataaaagaaaaaggtgactatgatttatttactcaatctgaaaaggcgccacca
tatgaaagggaaagaccagtagccaaactatttaatgctagagatgctgcatatcaaaaaataatcaaac
aattatcggatttattgcccgaagagaaagaagacacagaaacgccatctgatgattacctatgattagt
aataaatacgttgatgaatatataa
>Potential gene 30:11517..13178, 1662 bp
atgattagtaataaatacgttgatgaatatataaatttgtggaaacaaggaaagataattttaaataaag
aaagaattgatctctttaattatctacaaaaacatatatattcacgagatgatgtatattttgatgaaca
gaaaatcgaggattgtatcaaatttattgaaaaatggtattttccaacattaccatttcaaaggtttatc
atagctaatatatttcttatagataaaaatacagatgaagctttctttacagaatttgctattttcatgg
gacgtggaggcgggaaaaacggtctaataagtgctattagtgattttctttctacgcccttacacggagt
taaagaatatcacatctccattgttgctaatagtgaagatcaagcaaaaacatcgtttgatgaaatcaga
accgttttaatggataacaaacgaaataagacgggtaaaacgccaaaagctccttatgaagttagtaaag
caaaaataataaaccgtgcaactaaatcggttattcgatataacacatcaaacacaaaaaccaaagacgg
tggacgtgaggggtgtgttatttttgatgaaattcattatttctttggtcctgaaatggtaaacgtcaaa
cgtggtggattaggtaaaaagaaaaatagaagaacgttttatataagtactgatggttttgttagagagg
gttatatcgatgcaatgaagcacaaaattgcaagtgtattaagtggcaaggttaaaaatagtagattgtt
tgctttttattgtaagttagacgatccaaaagaagttgatgacagacagacgtgggaaaaggcgaaccca
atgttacataaaccgttatcagaatacgctaaaacactgctaagtacgattgaagaagaatataacgatt
taccattcaaccgttcaaataagcccgaattcatgactaagcgaatgaatttgcctgaagttgaccttga
aaaagtaatagcaccatggaaagaaatactagcgactaatagagagataccaaatttagataatcaaatg
tgtattggtggtttagactttgcaaacattcgagattttgcaagtgtagggctattattccgaaaaaacg
atgattacatttggttaggacattcgtttgtaagacaagggtttttggatgatgtcaaattagaacctcc
tattaaagaatgggaaaaaatgggattattgaccattgtcgatgatgatgtcattgaaattgaatatata
gttgattggtttttaaaggctagagaaaaatatgggcttgaaaaagtcatagctgataattatagaactg
atattgtaagacgtgcgtttgaggatgctggcataaaacttgaagtacttagaaatccaaaagcaataca
tggattacttgcaccacgtatcgatacaatgtttgcgaaacataacgtaatatatggagacaatcctttg
atgcgttggtttactaataatgttgcagtaaaggttaaacccgatggtaataaagaatatattaaaaaag
atgaaaatagaagaaaaaccgatgggttcatggcttttgttcacgcattatatagagcagacgatatagt
agacaaagacatgtctaaagcgcttgatgcattaatgagtatagatttctaa
>Potential gene 31:13194..14381, 1188 bp
atgagtattctagaaaagatatttaaaactaggaaagatataacatatatgcttgatttagatatgatag
aagatctatcacaacaagcgtatgtgaaacgtttagcgattgatagttgtattgaatttgttgcgcgagc
tgtcgctcaaagtcattttaaagtattggaaggtaatagaattcaaaagaatgatgtttactacaagtta
aatataaaaccaaatactgacttatcaagcgatagtttttggcaacaagttatatataaactaatttatg
ataacgaggttttaatcgtagtaagtgacagcaaagaattacttatcgcagatagcttttacagagaaga
gtacgctttgtatgatgatatattcaaagatgtaacggttaaagattatacttatcaacgtactttcaca
atgcaagaggtcatatatttaaagtacaacaacaataaagtgacacactttgtagaaagtctattcgaag
attacgggaaaatattcggaagaatgataggtgcacaattaaaaaactatcaaataagagggattttgaa
atctgcctctagcgcatatgacgaaaagaatatagaaaaattacaagcgttcacaaataaattattcaat
acttttaataaaaatcaactagcaatcgcgcctttgatagaaggttttgattatgaggaattatctaatg
gtggtaagaatagtaacatgcctttttctgaattgagtgagctaatgagagatgcaataaaaaatgttgc
gttgatgattggtatacctccaggtttgatttacggagaaacagctgatttggaaaagaacacgcttgta
tttgagaagttctgtttaacacctttattaaaaaagattcagaacgaattaaacgcgaaactcataacac
aaagcatgtatttgaaagatacaagaatagaaattgtcggtgtgaataaaaaagacccacttcaatatgc
tgaagcaattgacaaacttgtaagttctggttcatttacaaggaatgaggtgcggattatgttaggtgaa
gaaccatcagacaatcctgaattagacgaatacctgattactaaaaactacgaaaaagctaacagtggtg
aaaatgatgaaaaagaaaaagatgaaaacactttgaaaggtggtgatgaagatgaaagcggagattaa
>Potential gene 32:14317..15102, 786 bp
atgatgaaaaagaaaaagatgaaaacactttgaaaggtggtgatgaagatgaaagcggagattaaaggcg
tcatcgtttccaacgaagataaatgggtttacgaaatgcttggtatggattcgacttgtcctaaagatgt
tttaacacaactagaatttagtgatgaagatgttgatattataattaactcaaatggtggtaacctagta
gctggtagtgaaatatatacacatttaagagctcataaaggcaaagtgaatgttcgcatcacagcaatag
cagcaagtgcggcatcgcttatcgcaatggctggtgaccacatcgaaatgagtccggttgctagaatgat
gattcacaatccttcaagtattgcgcaaggagaagcgaaagatctaaatcatgctgcagaaacattagaa
catgttggtcaaataatggctgaggcatatgcggttagagctggtaaaaacaaacaagaacttgtagaaa
tgatggctagggaaacgtggctaaatgctgatgaagccattgaacaaggttttgcggatagtaaaatgtt
tgaaaacgacaatatgcaaattgtagcaagcaatacacaagtgttatcgaaagatgtattaaatcgtgta
acagctttggtaagtaaaacgccagaggttaacattgatattgacgcaatagcaaataaagtaattgaaa
aaataaatatgaaagaaaaggaatcagaaatcgatgttgcagatagtaaagtatcagcaaatggattttc
aagattccttttttaa
>Potential gene 33:15126..16271, 1146 bp
atgactataaatttatcggaaacattcgcaaatgcgaaaaacgaatttattaatgcagtaaacaacggtg
aaccgcaagaaagacaaaatgaattgtacggtgacatgattaaccaactatttgaagaaactaaattaca
agcaaaagcagaagctgaaagagtttctagtttacctaaatcagcacaatctttgagtgcaaaccaaaga
agtttcttcatggatatcaataaaaacgttaactataaagaagaaaaacttttgccagaagaaacaattg
atagaatttttgaagatttgacgacgaatcatccgttattagctgatttaggtattaaaaacgctggttt
gcgtttgaagttcttaaaatctgaaacttctggcgtagccgtttggggtaaaatctatggtgaaattaaa
ggtcaattagatgctgcgttcagtgaagaaacagcaattcaaaataaattgacagcgtttgttgttttac
caaaagatttaaatgattttggtcctgcgtggattgaaagatttgttcgtgttcaaatcgaagaagcatt
tgcagtggcgcttgaaactgcgttcttaaaaggtactggtaaagaccaaccaatcggcttaaaccgtcaa
gtacaaaaaggtgtatcggtaactgagggtgcttatccagagaaagaagaacaaggtacgcttacatttg
ctaatccgcgcgctacagttaatgaattgacgcaagtgtttaaataccactcaactaacgagaaaggtaa
atcagtagcggttaaaggtaatgtaacaatggttgttaatccgtccgatgcttttgaggttcaagcacag
tatacacatttaaatgcaaatggcgtatatgttactgctttaccatttaatttgaatgttatcgagtcta
cagtccaagaagcaggtaaggttttaacgtacgttaaaggtttatatgatggttatttagctggtggtat
taatgttcagaaatttaaagaaacacttgcgttagatgatatggatttatacactgcaaaacaatttgct
tacggcaaagcgaaagataataaagttgctgctgtttggaaattagatttaaaaggacataagccagctt
tagaaggtaccgaagaaacactataa
>Potential gene 34:16291..16596, 306 bp
atggtgaaatttaaagttgttagagcttttaaagacatagagcacaatcaacacaagtacaaagtagggg
agttgtatccagctgaagggtataacaatcctcgtgttgaattgttgacaaatcaaatcaaaaataagta
cgacaaagtttatatcgtacctttagataagctgacaaaacaagaattattagaactatgcgaatcatta
caaaaaaaagcgtctagttcaatggttaaaagtgaaatcgtcgacttattgaatggtgaagacaatgacg
attgatgatttgcttgtcaaatttaa
>Potential gene 35:16553..16849, 297 bp
atggtgaagacaatgacgattgatgatttgcttgtcaaatttaaatcacttgaaaagattgaccataatt
cagaggatgagtacttaaagcagttgttaaaaatgtcgtacgagcgtataaaaaatcagtgcggagtttt
tgaattagagaatttaataggtcaagaattgatacttatacgcgctagatatgcttatcaagatttatta
gaacacttcaacgataattacagacctgaaataatagatttttcgttatctctaatggaggtatcagaag
atgaagaaagtgtttaa
>Potential gene 36:16833..17210, 378 bp
atgaagaaagtgtttaaaaaacctagaattacaactaaacgtttaaatactcgtgttcatttttataagt
atactgaaaataatggtccagaagctggagaaaaagaagaaaaattattatatagctgttgggcgagtat
tgatggtgtctggttacgtgaattagaacaagctatctcaaacggaacccaaaatgacattaaattgtat
attcgtgatccgcaaggtgattatttacccagtgaagaacattatcttgaaattgaatcaagatatttca
aaaatcgtttgaatataaagcaagtatcaccagatttggataataaagactttattatgattcgtggagg
atatagttcatgagtgtgaaagtgatag
>Potential gene 37:17192..17659, 468 bp
atgagtgtgaaagtgataggtgataaagcattagaaagagaattagaaaatcgtttcggaactcaagcga
tgttaaaagttcaagatagggcgctaattgctggtgctaaagtaattgttgaagaagtaaaaaaacaact
aaagccatcaaaagatacgggcgcattaattaatgaggtaagttttagtaaacctgaatggataaacgga
aaacgtacaattactgttcattggcgaggttctaaagaccgttataaaatcgtacatttaattgaaaatg
gacacgttcaaaaagggacaggtaaatttatcaaacctaaagctatgggtggcgttaatagagcaataag
acaagggcaaaataagtattttgagacgctaaaaagggagttaaaaaaattgtgattgatattttgtaca
aagttcatgaagtgattagtcaagacagaattattagagagcacgtaa
>Potential gene 38:18001..18645, 645 bp
atggtagtaaaacaagcaagtgcgccgaaagcgtattttaacattactggtttaggtttcgctaaattaa
caaaagaaggcgcaaagctagaatatagcgatattacaaaaactagaggattacaaaaaatcggtgttga
aactggaggagacttgaaaacagcatatgctgatggtggtccaatcgaatcagggaacacagacggagaa
ggtaaaatttcgttacaaatgcatgctttccctaaagagattcgcaaaatagtattcaatgaagagtatg
atgaatacggtgtttataaagaaactcaaggtaaacaaaacaactatgtagcaatttggttcagacaaga
gcgtcgagacggcacatttagaacggttttattacctaaagtcatgtttacaaatcctaaaatcgatggc
gaaacggctgagaaagattgggatttctcaagcgaagaggttgaaggtgaggcacttttccctttaattg
ataataaaaagtcagtacgtaaatatatctttgattcagcaaacatgacaaatcatagtggaaatggtga
aaaaggcgaagaggctttcttaaagaaaattttaggcgaagaatatactggaaacgtgacagaggataac
ggcgaaactttgtaa
>Potential gene 39:18961..19311, 351 bp
atggcaaaattaaaacgtaacattattcaattagtagaagatccaaaagcaaatgaaattaaattacaaa
cgtacttaacaccacacttcatttcatttgaaattgtatacgaagcaatggatttaatcgatgatattga
ggacgaaaatagcacgatgaagccaagagaaatcgctgacagattgatggatatggttgtaaaaatttac
gataaccaattcgcagttaaagacctaaaagaacgtatgcatgcacctgatggaatgaatgcacttcgtg
aacaagtggttttcattacgcaaggtcaacaaactgaggaaactagaaattttatccagaacatgaaata
a
>Potential gene 40:19338..19499, 162 bp
atgttgaaaaatatggatactctcatgatggacttaattgaaaatggtaaagacgctaacgaagttttaa
aaatgccatttcattatgtgctttccatatatcaaaataaaaacaatgacatttctgaagaaaaagcaga
ggctttaattgatgcattttaa
>Potential gene 41:19556..24088, 4533 bp
atgggagaaagaataaaaggtttatctataggtttggatttagatgcagcaaatttaaatagatcatttg
cagaaatcaaacgaaactttaaaactttaaattctgacttaaaattaacaggcaacaacttcaaatatac
cgaaaaatcaactgatagttacaaacaaaggattaaagaacttgatggaactatcacaggttataagaaa
aacgttgatgatttagctaagcaatatgacaaggtatctcaagaacagggcgaaaacagtgcaggagctc
aaaagttacgacaagaatataacaaacaagcaaatgaactgaattatttagaaagagaattacaaaaaac
atcagccgaatttgaagagttcaaaaaagctcaagttgaagctcaaagaatggcagaaagtggctgggga
aaaaccagtaaagtttttgaaagtatgggacctaaattaacaaaaatgggtgatggtttaaaatccattg
gtaaaggcatgatgattggtgtaactgcacctgttttaggtatcgcagcagcatcaggaaaagcttttgc
agaagttgataaaggtttagatactgttactcaagcaacaggcgcaacaggcagtgaattaaaaaaattg
cagaactcatttaaagatgtttatggcaattttccagcagatgctgaaactgttggtggagttttaggag
aagttaatacaagattaggttttacaggtaaagaacttgaaaatgccacagagtcattcttgaaattcag
tcatataacaggttctgacggtgtgcaagccgtacagttaattacccgtgcaatgggcgatgcaggtatc
gaagcaagtgaatatcaaagtgttttggatatggtagcaaaagcggcgcaagctagtgggataagtgttg
acacattagctgatagtattactaaatacggcgctccaatgagagctatgggctttgagatgaaagaatc
aattgctttattctctcaatgggaaaagtcaggcgttaatactgaaatagcattcagtggtttgaaaaaa
gctatatcaaattggggtaaagctggtaaaaacccaagagaagaatttaagaagacattagcagaaattg
aaaagacgccggatatagctagcgcaactattttagcgattgaagcatttggtgcaaaggcaggtcctga
tttagcagacgctattaaaggtggtcgctttagttatcaagaatttttaaaaactattgaagattcccaa
ggcacagtaaaccaaacatttaaagattctgaaagtggctccgaaagatttaaagtagcaatgaataaat
taaaattagtaggtgctgatgtatgggcttctattgaaagtgcgtttgctccagtcatggaagaattaat
aaaaaagctatcagtcgctgtcgattggttttcgaatttaagtgatggttctaaaagatcaattgttatt
ttcggtggtattgctgctgcaattggtcctgtagtttttgggttaggtgcatttataagcacaattggta
atgcagtaactgtattagccccactattagctggtattgcaaaggctgatggattaattagttttttatc
gactaaagtacctatattaggaactgtcttcacagctttaactggtccaattggcattgtattaggtgtt
ttagctggcctagcagtcgcatttacaattgcttataagaaatctgaaacatttagaaattttgttaatg
atgcaattgaaagtgttaaacaaacatttagtaattttattcaatttattcaacctttcattgattccgt
taaaaacgtctttaaacaagcggtttcagcaatcgttgatttcgctaaagatatttggagtcaaattaat
ggattctttaatgaaaacggaatttctattgttcaagcgcttcaaaatatatgcaattttatcaaagtta
tatttgaatttatcttaaattttgtaattaaaccaataatgtttgcaatctggcaagtgatgcaatttat
ttggccggcggttaaagccttgattgtcagtacttgggagaatataaaaggtgtgatacaaggaacttta
aatatcatactaggtttaattaagttcttctcaagtttatttactggagattggcgaggagtttgggacg
cgattattatgattcttaaaggagtcgttcaattaatatggaatttaattcaattatggtttgtaggcaa
aatacttggcgttgttaggtactttggcggattgctaaaaggattaataacaggtatttgggacgtaata
aaaagtatattcagtaaatctttatcagcaatttggaatgcgacaaaaagtatttttggattcttattta
atagtgtcaaatcaattttcacgaatatgaaaaattggttatctaacacatggagtagtatccgtacgaa
tacgataggaaaagcacagtcattatttagtggtgtgaaatcaaaattcactagtttgtggaatgcgaca
aaagatatttttagtaatctaagaaattggatggcaaatatttggaattccattaaagataatacggttg
gaattgcaagtcgtttatggagtaaagtgcgtggaatttttacaaatatgcgtgacggcttacaaagtat
tatcagcaaaattaaaagtcatatcggcggtatggtagatgctattaaaaaaggacttaataaattaatt
gaaggtttaaactgggtcggtggtaagctgggaatggataaaatacctaagttacacactggtacagaac
acacacatactactacaagattagttaagaacggtaagattgcgcgggatacgttcgctacggttgggga
taaaggacgtggaaatggtccgaatggtttcagaaatgaaataattgaattccctaatggtaaacgtgta
atcacacctaatacagatactaccgcttatttacctaaaggctcaaaagtatacaacggtacacaaactt
attcaatgttaaacggaacgcttccaagatttagcttaggtactatgtggaaagatattaaatccggtgc
atcatcggcatttaactggacaaaagatcaaataggtaaaggtaccaaatggcttggcgataaagttggc
gatgttttagattttatggaaaatcctggcaaacttttaaattatatacttgaagcttttggaattgatt
tcaattctttaactaaaggtatgggaattgcaggcgacataacaaaagctgcatggtctaagattaagaa
aagtgctactgattggataaaagaaaatttagaagctatgggcggtggcgatttagtcggcggaatatta
gaccctgacaaaattaattatcattatggacgtaccgcagcttatactgctgcaactggaagaccatttc
atgaaggtgtcgattttccatttgtatatcaagaagttagaacgccgatgggtggcagacttacaagaat
gccatttatgtctggtggttatggtaattatgtaaaaattactagtggagttatcgatatgctatttgcg
catttgaaaaactttagcaaatcaccacctagtggcacgatggtaaagcccggcgatgttgttggtttaa
ctggtaataccggatttagtacaggaccacacttacattttgaaatgagaagaaatggacgtcactttga
ccctgaaccatatttaagaaatgcaaagaaaaaaggtaggttatcaattggtggcggtggtgctacttct
ggaagtggtgcaacttatgcaagccgagtaatccgtcaagcgcaaagtattttaggaggacgttataaag
gtaagtggattcatgaccagatgatgcgagttgcaaagcgtgaaagtaactatcaatcaaatgcagtgaa
taattgggatattaatgctcaaagaggagacccatcaagaggattattccaaatcatcggctcaactttt
agagcaaacgctaaacgtggatatactaactttaataatccggttcatcaaggtatttcagcaatgcagt
acattgttagacgctacggttgggatggatttaagcgtgctggtgattacgcatatgctacaggtggaaa
agtttttgatggttggtataacttaggtgaagacggtcatccagaatggattattccaacagatccagct
cgtagaaatgatgcaatgaagatgttgcattatgcagcagcagaagtaagagggagaaaagcgagtaaaa
ataagcgtcctagtcaattgtctagtgtaaatgggtttgatgacccaagcttattattgaaaatgattga
acaacagcaacaacaaatagctttattactgaaaatagcgcaatccaacgatgtgattgcagataaagat
tatcagccgattattgacgaatacgcttttgataaaaaggtgaacgcgtctatagaaaagcgagaaaggc
aagaatcaacaaaagtaaagtttagaaaaggaggaattgctattcaatgatag
>Potential gene 42:20779..21222, 444 bp
atgccaattggaccagttaaagctgtgaagacagttcctaatataggtactttagtcgataaaaaactaa
ttaatccatcagcctttgcaataccagctaatagtggggctaatacagttactgcattaccaattgtgct
tataaatgcacctaacccaaaaactacaggaccaattgcagcagcaataccaccgaaaataacaattgat
cttttagaaccatcacttaaattcgaaaaccaatcgacagcgactgatagcttttttattaattcttcca
tgactggagcaaacgcactttcaatagaagcccatacatcagcacctactaattttaatttattcattgc
tactttaaatctttcggagccactttcagaatctttaaatgtttggtttactgtgccttgggaatcttca
atagtttttaaaaattcttgataa
>Potential gene 43:24082..25566, 1485 bp
atgatagacactattaaagtgaacaacaaaacaattccttggttgtatgtcgaaagagggtttgaaatac
cctcttttaattatgttttaaaaactgaaaatgtagatggacgttcggggtctatatataaagggcgtag
gcttgaatcttatagttttgatatacctttggtggtacgtaatgactatttatctcacaacggctttaaa
acacatgatgacgtcttgaatgaattagtaaagttttttaactacgaggaacaagttaaattacaattca
aatctaaagattggtactggaacgcttattttgaaggaccaataaagctgcacaaagaatttgcaatacc
tgttaagttcactatcaaagtagtactaacagacccttacaaatattcagtaacaggatataaaaatact
gcgatttcagaccaagtttcagttgtaaatagtgggactgctgacactcctttaattgttgaagcccgag
caattaaaccatctagttactttatgatcactaaaaatgatgaagattattttatggttggtgatgatga
ggtaaccaaagaagttaaggattacatgcctcctgtttatcatagtgagtttcgtgatttcaaaggttgg
actaagatgattactgaagatattccaagtaatgatttaggtggtaaagtcggcggtgactttgtgatat
ccaatcttggcgaaggatataaagcaactaatttttctgatgcaaaaggttgggttggtgctggcacgaa
acgagggctccctaaagcgatgacagattttcaaattacctataaatgtattgttgaacaaaaaggtaaa
ggtgccggaagaacagcacaacatatttatgatagtgatggtaagttacttgcttctattggttatgaaa
ataaatatcatgatagaaaaataggacatattgttgttacgttgtataaccaaaaaggagaccccaaaaa
gatatacgactatcagaataaaccgataatgtataacttggacagaatcgttgtttatatgcggctcaga
agagtaggtaataaattttctattaaaacttggaaatttgatcacattaaagacccagatagacgtaaac
ctattgatatggatgagaaagagtggatagatggcggtaagttttatcagcgtccagcttctatcatagc
tatctatagtgcgaagtataatggttataagtggatggagatgaatggattaggttcattcaatacggag
attctaccaaaaccgaaaggcgcaagggatgtcattatacaaaaaggtgatttagtaaaaatagatatgc
aagcaaaaagtgttgtcatcaatgaggaaccaatgttgagcgagaaatcgtttggaagtaattatttcaa
tgttgattctgggtacagtgaattaatcatacaacctgaaaacgtctttgatacgacggttaaatggcaa
gatagatatttatag
>Potential gene 44:26307..26558, 252 bp
atgttatattcttcagcaataacttctgcctctacatacaatggcgggttaaaatctctatgttttactc
tgactgtatcgccaattgatataatctcgtgcggatacgtaacttccaaatcagtagaagtaatctcata
tgacataactgccgacttacgtttatttaactctgttttggctaaagaacttaatcgtgtttcattcata
ttttgatcatctgattgtggttcatatatcccccaaatatag
