>Potential gene 1:802..1398, 597 bp
atgcattatccagaacctatatcaaaacttattgatagctttatgaaattgccaggcattggtccaaaga
cagcccaacgtctggcttttcataccttagatatgaaagaagacgatgttgttcagtttgccaaagcatt
agtagatgttaaaagagaattaacatattgtagcgtatgtggtcacattactgaaaatgatccatgttat
atttgtgaagataagcaaagagatcgttcagttatttgtgttgtggaagatgacaaagatgtcatagcta
tggaaaaaatgagagaatacaaaggtttatatcacgttttacatgggtctatttcgcctatggatggcat
tggaccagaagatattaatattccttcattgattgaacgcttaaaaagcgatgaagttagcgaattaatc
ttagctatgaacccgaacttagagggggaatctacagccatgtatatttctagattagttaagcctatag
gtatcaaagtgacgagattagcacaagggttatcggtaggtggcgatttagagtatgctgacgaagtaac
tttatctaaagcaatcgcaggtagaacagaaatgtaa
>Potential gene 2:1399..1788, 390 bp
atgtataatgaaagaaacatcattttattgataaatatttattgattttcaaggaggaaatggaatatgc
gcggtggcggaaacatgcaacaaatgatgaaacaaatgcaaaaaatgcaaaagaaaatggctcaagaaca
agaaaaacttaaagaagagcgtattgtaggaacagctggcggtggcatggttgcagttactgtaactggt
cataaagaagttgtcgacgttgaaatcaaagaagaagctgtagacccagatgatattgaaatgctacaag
acttagtgttagcagctactaatgaagcgatgaataaagctgatgagcttactcaagaacgtttaggtaa
acatactcaaggcttaaacatccctggaatgtgatcatag
>Potential gene 3:1755..3485, 1731 bp
atgtacagaccccaaagtttcgaggatgtcgtcggacaagaacatgtcacgaagacattgcgcaatgcga
tttcgaaagaaaaacagtcgcatgcttatatttttagtggtccgagaggtacggggaaaacgagtattgc
caaagtgtttgctaaagcaatcaactgtttaaatagcactgatggagaaccttgtaatgaatgtcatatt
tgtaaaggcattacgcaggggactaattcagatgtgatagaaattgatgctgctagtaataatggcgttg
atgaaataagaaatattagagacaaagttaaatatgcaccaagtgaatcgaaatataaagtttatattat
agatgaggtgcacatgctaacaacaggtgcttttaatgcccttttaaagacgttagaagaacctccagca
cacgctatttttatattggcaacgacagaaccacataaaatccctccaacaatcatttctagggcgcaac
gttttgattttaaagcaattagcctagatcaaattgttgaacgtttaaaatttgtagcagatgcacaaca
aattgaatgtgaagatgcagccttggcatttatcgctaaagcgtctgaagggggtatgcgtgatgcatta
agtattatggaccaagctattgcatttggtgatggtacgttaacattgcaagatgcgttgaatgtcacag
gtagcgtacatgatgaagcgttggatcacttgtttgatgatattgtacaaggtgacgtacaagcatcttt
taaaaaataccatcagtttataacagaaggtaaagaagtgaatcgcctaataaatgatatgatttatttt
gtcagagatacgattatgaataaaacatctgagaaagatactgagtatcgagcactgatgaacttagaat
tagatatgttatatcaaatgattgatcttattaatgatacattagtgtcgattcgttttagtgtgaatca
aaacgttcattttgaagtgttgttagtaaaattagctgagcagattaagggtcaaccacaagtgattgcg
aatgtagctgaaccagcacaaattgcttcatcgccaaacacagatgtattgttgcaacgtatggaacagt
tagagcaagaactaaaaacactaaaagcacaaggagtgagtgtcgctcctactcaaaaatcttcgaaaaa
gcctgtgagaggtatacaaaaatctaaaaatgcattttcaatgcaacaaattgcaaaagtgctagataaa
gcgaataaggcagatatcaaattgttgaaagatcattggcaagaagtgattgatcatgccaaaaacaatg
ataaaaaatcactcgttagtttattgcaaaattcggaacctgtggcggcaagtgaagatcacgtacttgt
gaaatttgaggaagagatccattgtgaaatcgtcaataaagacgacgagaaacgtagtagcatagaaagt
gttgtatgtaatatcgttaataaaaacgttaaagttgttggtgtaccatcagatcaatggcaaagagttc
gaacggagtatttacaaaatcgtaaaaacgaaggcgatgatatgccaaagcaacaagcgcaacaaacaga
tattgctcaaaaagcaaaagatcttttcggtgaagaaactgtacatgtgatagatgaagagtgatacatg
acaagcgatataatcgtatgtataatgaaagaaacatcattttattgataa
>Potential gene 4:3578..4192, 615 bp
atgatggtgaaatgagggggagtatcttacaatagaattattaatgagatacgttatgattattgacaat
caaatgcctacggaggacatatgcaaatatatttaagtactttaacagagttagattatgataaatcttt
aaatagtattgaagaaagttttgatgataatcctgaaacgagttggcaagcacgtgcgaaagtaaaacat
ttaagaaaatctccttgctataattttgaattagaagtaatagcgaaaaatgaaaataacgatgtcgttg
gacacgttttattaattgaagtagaaattaatagtgatgataagacgtattatggtttggcgattgcctc
tttatcagttcatcctgaattacgtggacaaaaattaggtcgtggcttggttcaagcagtagaagagcgt
gccaaagcacaagagtatagtacggttgttgtagaccattgttttgactactttgaaaagttgggttatc
aaaatgctgctgagcatgacattaaattagaatctggtgatgcaccgttacttgtaaaatatttatggga
taatttgacggatgcaccacacggaatcgtaaaatttccagaacatttttattaa
>Potential gene 5:4745..5473, 729 bp
atggcgaaacaaaaaaagtttatgaagatttatgaggcgttgaaagaagatatattaaacgggcagattc
aatatggtgaacaaattccgtctgaacatgatttggtgcaattgtaccagtcatctcgagagaccgtgcg
taaggcattagatttgttggcattagacggcatgattcaaaagattcatggtaaagggtcacttgtcatt
tatcaggaggttacagagtttccattttctgaacttgttagttttaaagaaatgcaagaagaaatgggcg
tcgcatatttaactgaagttgttgtgaatgaggttgttgaagcgcatgaagttccagaagttcaacatgc
tttaaacatcaattctagtgaatcactcattcatattgttagaactcgtcggcttaaccaacatgtgaag
attgttgatgaagattattttctaaagtcgattgtttcagatataggtaatgatgttgcgagtgattcta
tttatgattatttggaaaaggtattaaatcttaatattagttattcaagtaagtctattacttttgaacc
gtttgatgagcaagcatatcaattgtttggtgatgtatcggtggcttattcagcaacagttcgaagtatt
gtgtatttagaaaatacaatgccgtttcaatataatatttcaaaacatcttgcaaatgaatttaaattta
atgacttctcaagacgtcgtacaaagtaa
>Potential gene 6:5498..6964, 1467 bp
atgaatgataatggctatgatatcagcaattatttagaaatcaacgaagactttggaacgatggatgatt
ttgaaaagttaatcaaagttgctcatcaaaaagacttgaaagtgatgttagatattgtcattaatcatac
gtcgacggagcatgaatggtttaaagaagcccgtaaatctaaagataacccttatagagattattacttt
ttcagatcatctgaagacgggccgccaacaaattggcattctaaattcggtggtaatgcatggaagtatg
attctgagacagatgaatattatttacatttatttgatgtcagtcaagctgatttaaattgggataatcc
ggaagtacgtcaatcgttatatcgcatagtcaatcattggatagacttcggcgttgatggttttcgattt
gatgtcattaacttaatttctaaaggtgaatttaaggactctgacaaaataggtaaagaattttatacgg
atggtcctagagtgcatgagtttctgcatgaattaaatcgtcaaacgtttggtaacactgacatgatgac
tgtaggagaaatgtcttcgacgaccattgaaaattgtattaagtatacacagccagaacgccaagaattg
aatagtgtttttaattttcatcatctaaaggttgattatgttgatggtgaaaagtggacaaatgcgaagc
ttgattttcataagttaaaggaaattctgatgcaatggcaacgaggtatttatgacggtggcggatggaa
cgcgattttctggtgtaatcatgatcagccacgggtagtgtctagatttggtgatgatacgtcggaagag
atgaggatacaaagtgctaaaatgttagctatcgcactgcatatgttgcaagggacgctatatatttacc
aaggggaagaaattggtatgacggacccacattttacatcaatagcacaatatcgcgatgttgaatcgat
taatgcctaccatcagttgttaagtgaagggcatgctgaagcggatgtattagcgattttaggacagaag
tcacgagacaattcgagaacgcctatgcaatggagtgatgatgttaatgctggatttacagctggtaagc
cttggattgatatttcggaaaattatcatcaggtcaacgttagacaagcacttcagaataaagattctat
tttctacacgtatcaaaaattaatacaattaagacatacgcatgatattattacgtatggagacattgtg
ccacgttttatggatcatgatcatttatttgtttatgaacgtcattataagaatcaacaatggctagtaa
ttgcgaatttctcagcatcggctgttgatttgccagaaggattggctagagaaggtcgtgttgtgattca
aacaggcacagtggaaaataatacgataagcgggtttggtgcaattgtaatcgaaacaaacgcgtaa
>Potential gene 7:7202..8629, 1428 bp
atggctgtaaaaagagaagatgtaaaagccatcgtaaccgctattgggggaaaagaaaatcttgaagctg
caacgcattgtgtaacacgattacgtttagtgctgaaggatgaaagtaaagttgataaagacgcattaag
taataacgcgttggtcaaggggcagtttaaagcagaccatcaatatcaaattgtcattggtccaggaaca
gtcgatgaagtgtataagcagtttattgatgaaacaggtgctcaagaagcttcgaaagatgaagcgaaaa
aagcagctgcacaaaaagggaatccagtacaacgtttgatcaaattgttgggggatatttttataccaat
attacctgcgattgtgacagctggtttgttaatgggaatcaataatttacttacaatgaaaggtttattt
ggtccaaaagcacttattgagatgtatccacaaattgctgatatttcaaacatcattaatgtgattgcga
gtacggcatttattttcttaccagcattaattggttggagtagtatgcgtgtatttggtggtagtccgat
tctaggcatagtcttaggtttgattttaatgcatccgcaattagtatctcagtatgatttggcaaaaggg
aatattccgacgtggaacttatttggcttagagattaagcagttgaattaccaaggtcaagtgttgccag
ttttaattgcagcttatgttctagctaaaattgaaaaaggattaaataaagtcgttcacgattcgataaa
aatgttggtcgttggacccgtagcgcttttagttactggatttttagcatttattatcattggaccagtt
gcgttattgattggtacaggtattacatctggtgttacatttatattccaacatgcaggatggcttggcg
gagcaatatatggattgttatatgcaccacttgtaattacaggactacaccatatgtttttagcagtaga
tttccaattgatgggtagcagcttaggcggtacgtatttatggccaattgttgcgatttccaatatttgt
cagggctctgcagcatttggagcatggtttgtctataaacgtcgtaaaatggttaaagaagaaggcttgg
cattaacatcttgtatttctggtatgttaggtgttactgaaccagctatgtttggtgtgaacttacctct
gaaatatccatttatcgctgcgatatcaacgtcttgtgtattgggggcaatcgttggtatgaataacgta
cttggaaaagttggtgttggtggcgtgccagcattcatttcaattcaaaaagaattttggccagtatatc
ttattgtgacagctattgctattgttgtaccatgtatactaacaattgtgatgtctcattttagtaaaca
aaaagcgaaagaaattgttgaagattaa
>Potential gene 8:8656..8841, 186 bp
atgagtataacttgtctagacaagttatgtaaaggctttcaaagaaatatttttattttgtcacaattat
ctgggatagccatttcagaaaatcaatgagccataacgacatatgtagcaataactcctcgctacaattg
cgttattaacaatacctcaccacgctctcaccattataaagtgtag
>Potential gene 9:8945..9139, 195 bp
atgtatattgcacaagccaaatgcccttccaatctcaatgccttatcatttctattatcaaaaattacga
gtcattcaaagacaaataaaaaaggtaaatactcaaaatttgagcacttaccttcattatatatagtatt
taatataaatattgatggcggaggaagagggattcgaacccccgcgagccgttaa
>Potential gene 10:9099..9308, 210 bp
atggcggaggaagagggattcgaacccccgcgagccgttaagcccctgtcggttttcaagaccgatccct
tcagccggacttgggtattcctcctaaacacaatatttatcatatatgaacgttctgtaaaagtcaatat
tgtttttaagcattacatgattaccacaaatcattgtcttccactacagttgacctataaacgaatgtaa

>Potential gene 11:9461..10924, 1464 bp
atgggtgaatttaaaggatttatgaagtatgacaaacagtacttaggtgaattatcactggtagaccgtt
tgaagcatcataaagcatatcaacaacgatttactaaagaagatgcctctatccaaggtgcgcgatgtat
ggattgtggaacgccgttttgtcaaaccggacaacagtatggtagggaaacaataggttgtccaattgga
aactacattcctgaatggaacgacttagtgtatcatcaagattttaaaactgcttatgaacgcttaagcg
aaacaaataactttcctgactttacagggcgtgtatgtcctgcaccatgcgaaagtgcttgtgtgatgaa
gattaatagagaatcgattgcgattaaaggtattgaacgcacaattattgatgaagcttttgaaaatggt
tgggtagcgccgaaagttccgagtcgccgtagagatgaaaaagtggcaatcgttggaagcggtccagcag
gattaactgctgctgaagaacttaatctactaggatatcaagtaactatttatgaacgtgctagagaatc
aggcggtttattaatgtatggtattccgaatatgaaacttgataaagatgtggttcgacgtcgtattaag
ttaatggaagaagcgggcattactttcattaatggtgttgaagtaggcgttgatattgataaagcaacgt
tagaatctgagtatgatgccattatattatgtactggtgcacaaaaaggtagagatttacctttagaagg
acgcatgggtgatggtatacatttcgctatggattatttaactgaacaaacgcagctgttaaatggagaa
attgatgatattacaataactgcaaaagataagaatgtcattatcattggtgctggtgatacaggggcag
actgtgtagcgacagcattaagagaaaattgtaaatcgattgttcaatttaataaatatacgaaattgcc
agaagcaattacatttacagaaaatgcatcatggcctttagcaatgccggtgtttaaaatggactatgcg
caccaagagtacgaagctaagtttggtaaggaaccacgtgcatatggtgttcaaacaatgcgttacgatg
ttgacgataaaggacacatacgtggtttgtatactcaaattttagagcaaggcgaaaatggtatggtcat
gaaagaaggacctgaaagattttggcctgctgaccttgtattattatcaatcggcttcgaaggtacagaa
ccaactgtaccgaatgcttttaacattaaaacggatagaaatcgaatcgtggcggatgatacaaactatc
aaactaataatgaaaaagtatttgctgctggagatgctagacgtggtcaaagtttagttgtatgggcgat
taaagaaggtagaggcgtagcgaaagcagtagatcagtatttagcgagtaaagtttgtgtataa
>Potential gene 12:10942..15441, 4500 bp
atgcacaatgagaaattaattaaaggcttatatgactatcgtgaggaacatgatgcgtgtggtattggtt
tttatgcgaatatggataataaaaggtctcacgacatcattgataaatcgcttgaaatgttgcgacgctt
agatcataggggcggggtcggcgcagatggcatcactggtgatggcgcaggtattatgactgaaatacct
tttgcatttttcaaacaacatgtaacggactttgatatcccaggtgaaggtgaatatgccgtggggttat
ttttttccaaagaacgcgttttaggttctgaacatgaagcagtttttaaaaaatattttgaaggcgaagg
gttatcaattcttggttatcgtaatgtaccagttaataaagatgccattgctaaacatgtagcagatacg
atgccagtcattcaacaagtgtttattgatattagggacattgaagatgttgaaaagcatttgtttttag
cgagaaaacaattagagttttattcgactcagtgcgatttagaattgtattttacgagcttatcacgcaa
aacaattgtatataaaggttggttacgatcagaccaaattaaaaaactctatacagatttatcggatgat
ttatatcaatcaaagctagagttagtgcattcgagatttagtacgaatacattcccaagttggaaaaggg
cacatcctaaccgtatgttaatgcataatggtgagattaacacgattaaaggtaatgtaaactggatgcg
agcacgccaacataaattaatcgaaacattatttggcgaggatcaacataaagtgtttcaaattgtcgat
gaggatggtagtgactctgctattgtagataatgcgctagagttcttatcgttagccatggagccagaaa
aggcagcgatgttactcatacctgaaccttggttatataatgaagcgaatgatgcaaatgtacgtgcgtt
ttatgaattttatagttatttaatggaaccgtgggatggtcctacaatgatttcgttctgtaacggtgac
aaacttggcgcgcttacagatagaaatggattacgtccaggtcgttatacgattactaaagataacttta
ttgtcttttcatctgaagtgggtgttgtggacgtacctgaaagtaatgttgcttttaaaggtcaattgaa
tcctggaaagttattgcttgttgattttaaacagaataaagtcattgaaaataatgatttaaaaggtgcg
attgctggagaattaccatataaagcgtggattgataaccataaagttgactttgattttgaaaatatac
aatatcaagattcgcaatggaaagatgagacgttatttaaattacaacgtcagtttgcatacacgaaaga
agagattcataagtatattcaggaacttgtagaaggtaagaaggatcctatcggtgcaatgggatatgat
gcgccaattgcagtgttgaacgagcgaccagaatcactatttaattactttaaacagctgtttgcacaag
ttacgaatccaccaattgatgcgtatcgtgaaaaaatcgtaacgagtgaactttcttatttaggtggcga
aggtaacttactagcacctgatgaaacggttttagatcgtattcaattgaaaaggccggtattgaatgaa
tcacacttagcagcgattgatcaggaacattttaaattaacttatttatcaacggtatatgaaggggact
tggaagatgcgttagaagcattaggccgagaagcagtgaatgctgtaaagcaaggcgctcaaattctagt
gttagatgacagtggattagttgatagcaatggctttgcaatgccgatgttactcgcaataagtcatgtg
catcaattacttattaaagcagatttacgtatgtctacaagtttagtcgctaaatctggtgagacacgag
aagtgcatcatgttgcttgtttactcgcatatggcgcgaatgcaattgtgccatacctagcgcaacgtac
agttgaacaactgacattgacagaagggttacaaggcaccgttgtcgataatgttaagacatatacggat
gtattgtcggaaggtgtcattaaagtaatggctaagatgggaatttcgacagtgcaaagttatcaagggg
cacaaatatttgaagcgattggcttgtctcatgatgtgattgatcgttattttactgggacacagtctaa
gttatctggtatttcgattgatcaaattgatgctgaaaataaagcacgtcaacaaagtgatgataattat
cttgcatcaggtagtacattccaatggagacaacaaggtcaacatcatgcttttaatccggaatctattt
tcttattgcagcacgcatgtaaagaaaatgactatgcgcaatttaaagcatactctgaagcggtgaacaa
aaatagaacagatcacattagacatttacttgaatttaaagcatgtacaccgattgacatcgaccaagtt
gaaccggtaagtgacattgtcaaacgctttaatacaggggcgatgagttatggatcgatttcagcggaag
cacatgaaacgttagcacaagccatgaaccaattaggtggaaagagtaatagtggtgaaggtggcgaaga
tgcaaaacgttatgaagtacaagttgatggaagcaacaaagtaagtgcgattaaacaagttgcttctggg
cggtttggtgtaactagtgattatttacaacatgccaaagaaattcaaattaaagttgcgcaaggtgcaa
agcctggtgaaggtggtcaattacctggtactaaggtatatccgtggattgcgaagacaagagggtcaac
gccaggtatcggtctgatttcaccaccgccacatcatgatatttattcaatagaagatttagcgcaactg
atacatgatttgaaaaatgcgaataaagatgcagatatcgcggtaaaattagtttcgaaaacaggtgttg
gtaccattgcatctggggtggcaaaagcatttgcagataaaattgtcatcagtggttacgatggtggtac
aggggcttcacctaaaacgagtattcagcatgccggtgttccttgggagattggtttagcagaaacacat
caaacattaaaactaaatgacttaagaagtcgtgttaagttagaaacagacggtaagttattaactggta
aagatgtagcgtacgcatgtgcgcttggagcggaagaatttggatttgcaactgcaccattagtggtgtt
gggctgtataatgatgcgtgtatgccataaagatacatgtccagtaggagttgcaactcaaaacaaagat
ttacgtgctttatatagaggtaaagcacatcatgttgttaattttatgcattttattgcacaagaattaa
gagaaattttagcatctttaggtttgaaacgtgtagaagacttagttggaagaactgatttattacaacg
atcatcaacattaaaagcgaatagcaaagcggctagtattgatgttgaaaaactgttatgtcctttcgat
gggccaaacacaaaagaaattcaacaaaatcataatcttgagcatggatttgatttaacaaatttatatg
aagtaacgaagccatatattactgaagggcgtcgctatacaggtagctttacagtaaataatgaacaacg
tgatgtaggagttattacaggtagtgagatttcgaaacaatatggagaagcaggacttcctgaaaataca
attaatgtttatacgaatggtcatgctggtcaaagtcttgcagcatacgcaccgaaaggcttaatgattc
atcatactggagatgcgaatgactatgttggtaaaggattatctggtggtacggtcattgtcaaagcacc
ttttgaagaacgacaaaatgaaattattgctggtaacgtctcattctatggtgcgacaggtggtaaggca
tttattaacggtagtgcaggagaaagattctgtattagaaatagtggtgtagatgttgtcgttgaaggta
tcggcgaccatggattagagtacatgactggtggacatgtcattaatttaggtgatgtaggtaagaactt
cggtcaaggtatgagtggtggtattgcttacgttatcccgtctgatgtagaagcttttgttgaaaataat
caactagatacgctttcgtttacaaagattaaacaccaagaagaaaaagcattcattaagcaaatgctgg
aagaacatgtgtcacacacgaatagtacgagagcgattcatgtgttaaaacattttgatcgcattgaaga
tgtcgtcgttaaagttattcctaaagattatcaattaatgatgcaaaaaattcatttgcacaaatcatta
catgacaatgaagatgaagcgatgttagctgcattttacgatgacagtaaaacaatcgacgctaaacata
aaccagccgttgtgtattaa
>Potential gene 13:15622..16506, 885 bp
atggaaattaaacaattaagatattttatcgaggtcgctaaaagagaacatatctccgaaacagcacttg
aactaaacattgctcaatcagcgataagccgtcaaattacattattagaacaagaacttaatgtgtcttt
atttaaaaagcaaggacgcaatattacgctcacatctgaaggaaaattattatttaatgaagctctgcgt
attattgaacatttagatagcacgattgaacaatttcaaagccatggattaactaaaaataaaagtatct
acattggctatgatgagagtgacgtatcccacatgttactaccacttatccaaacgtttcatttacaaaa
tgatacacatgtcatccctaatttattagaacatgacacaattataaatagcgtattaaatgggaatata
gacattggtttcacggaacttacaccagaaatacgtaaacacaaacaattacatatgctacctttattcg
aagagcactatcatttatatgcgccttcagacgatccaattacgatggcgacacacccaccattaattca
gtttgagcatagtcatatttattgcttggcaccatttgccgaaactgtaaaaaaacaattgcgcaagatt
actaaatcagatgtatacacaatcagtagccaaccacttgcgcagtatctccttcgtcaaaaagaaggtt
acatcatttcatcacaaaatatacatttaccagaatctaaatcatggatagatataaaattagatcatac
tgaattaaaaagaacgatatgtgctattacaaaggagccttatacaaagagtgatattggcatattatta
acacttattcagcaattaatgactaaaacgtctacattccattaa
>Potential gene 14:17161..17784, 624 bp
atgaccattgccatgatctgttcaacagtactcactttattgctcgttacaggctggcatatgcgtacac
tcattaccatagccagtacaattatcggaacttttttgagtataggtttaacagaattaatcatatatat
gacagatggtaaaggcattaaatatgaaacgatgaactttttatcattaccaccgaaagatatcttccta
gcctcagtgttaataggttcacttggcgctattatggatgttgcaattacaattgctagtggtatgcatg
aaattttacagcgtacgccacacatttcaatgaggagatgggcgcttgctgggcgatacatcggccaaga
tattatgggaacaatgactaacatcttattattctcatatttatctggtgcactacctatgtttttaatc
tttttaaaaaatgcaaatactgtgacttatactatttcgatgaattggtcgttagaaattgcgcgcgcac
taacaggcggtataggtatcgtacttacaattcctatcacaatattgtttatggaaatatttgaaacatt
aaggagggcgaaacaatgaatgctgtatttatattggcgttattgctcctctttctgatgataa
>Potential gene 15:17736..18518, 783 bp
atgaatgctgtatttatattggcgttattgctcctctttctgatgataattttcggaggtaaaaagggat
tcatctcttatttaaccctatttttaaatttcgctattttaattattagtattgtgttgattatttttgg
cgtaccgatttatgtcgtcacattctttttctgcattattattggcgcttgtaatttattcgtactcaat
agttacaatgttaaaacacaagctgcatttatcagcactatcgttacaacaatattgttgattacactca
tttatttatcggtctacttcggtcatctacaaggcttttcaaccgaacaacaagatgaaacatatgtgta
ttcaatgaatattggcattgatatggttcaatttatggtgttcactattattcttgctgttattgcagct
gtgatagatttaacgattaccattagttcacccatttatgaattgcatcaagtgaatccaacacttacgc
aatacgaattattccaatctggcatgcgtgttggtagagaaattttagcgacatctgcgaacacgattta
ccttgccttttttggtggccaacttgctttatttatttggtttttcaaacttaaatattcatttggtcat
attataaactcgaaaatatttgctcaagaatttatttctattattttaggcggtattgccgttgcaatca
gtattccgattacggcttggattacggcatttttaataaaaagaccatctcgacagcgcaaaaatgatga
gtctatcaattaa
>Potential gene 16:18687..19265, 579 bp
atgaaattacggatatacgctggatggataaagataatgatgcgttgattgcgcctgctgtcaaagtttg
gattgaaacgtatggtggtaaacatgacaaataatgacaccatcatgttacgacattatgtcccacaaga
ttattcgatgttagaagcttttcaattaagtgaaagtgatttgaagtttgttaaaacgccagaggaaaat
attacagctgcaatgtctgataatgaaaggtatcccatcgttgtaatggatggcaggcaatgtgtggcct
tttttacattacatcgtggaaaaggggtcgcaccatttagcgataaccaagatgcagtatttttcaggtc
atttagtgttgatcaacgttatcgtaatagaggaataggtaaagtggtaatggaaaaattggcgtcattt
atcacttcaacatttcagggtattaatgagattgtgttaacggttaatactgacaatccacatgccatgg
cactttatcgccaacaaggatatcaatatatgggagatagtatgttcgtcggaagacctgttcatattat
ggcgttaactataaaataa
>Potential gene 17:19162..19557, 396 bp
atgattaaatgtgtctgtttagttgaagaaacagctgataaaatattgcttgttcaagtaaggaatcgcg
aaaagtattatttcccaggtggtaaaatagaagaaggggaatcacaagtacaagcgctgttaagagaagt
aaaagaagaattaaatttaacattaacaatggatgaaattgaatatatcgggacaattgtaggtcctgca
tatccacaacaggatatgttaactgagttaaatggatttcgcgcattaaccaaaatcgattgggaaaacg
taactatcaataatgaaattacggatatacgctggatggataaagataatgatgcgttgattgcgcctgc
tgtcaaagtttggattgaaacgtatggtggtaaacatgacaaataa
>Potential gene 18:19706..19975, 270 bp
atggcaaaacgttccaaatcacaacgtttatcaagtttactaaatgtcgcaggtttcatagtcgacggct
acaatggctataaatatcatgctaaaaataaaaaattagtatatctttcattaggtttaagcactgtagg
aaccgtgttagacttttacatttcaattaagtcaccacgtaagttcaaaaaagcagtggcagttgttact
ttaataacaaacggtgctagattatttacaagcattcgcaaagtaaagcatgaatactaa
>Potential gene 19:20160..21278, 1119 bp
atgtcatcaaacatcaacctattatacataattaaatcgtataatgatgtagtattcataaattcggata
aaaagaatgttaggaaagttaagcaagaggaggattttaaagtgcaaaaaaaagtaattgcagctattat
tgggacaagcgcgattagcgctgttgcggcaactcaagcaaatgcggctacaactcacacagtaaaaccg
ggtgaatcagtgtgggcaatttcaaataagtatgggatttcgattgctaaattaaagtcattaaacaatt
taacatctaatctaattttcccaaaccaagtactaaaagtatctggctcaagtaattctacgagcaatag
tagccgtccatcaacaaattcaggtggcggatcatactatacagtacaagcaggtgactcattgtcatta
atcgcatctaaatatggtacaacttaccaaaacattatgcgacttaatggtttaaataatttctttattt
atccaggtcaaaaattaaaagtatcaggtactgcaagctcaagtaattctgcgagcaatagtagccgtcc
atcaacgaattcaagcggtggatcatactacacagtacaagcaggtgactcattgtcattaatcgcttca
aaatatggtacaacttaccaaaaaattatgagcttaaatggcttaaataatttctttatatatccgggtc
aaaaattaaaagtaactggtaatgcaacatcttcaaactcagcatctgcaacaactacgaatagaggtta
caatacaccagtattcagtcatcaaaacttatatacatggggtcaatgtacatatcatgtatttaatcgt
cgtgctgaaattggtaaaggtattagtacttattggtggaatgctaataactgggataacgcagcggcag
cagatggttacactatcgacaatagacctactgtaggttctatcgctcaaacagatgtaggttactatgg
tcatgttatgtttgtagaacgtgtaaataacgatggtagtattttagtttcagaaatgaactattcagct
gcaccaggtattttaacttacagaacggtaccagcttaccaagtaaataattatagatatattcactaa
>Potential gene 20:21500..22342, 843 bp
atgaaaagattgattgggttagttatcgtagcacttgtattattagcagcgtgtggtagtaacaatgata
aaaaagtaacaattggtgtcgcatcaaatgatactaaggcttgggagaaggttaaagaattagctaaaaa
agatgatattgatgtggagattaagcacttttccgattacaatttaccgaataaagcattaaacgatggt
gatattgatatgaatgcattccaacattttgcatttttagatcagtataagaaggcacataaaggaacaa
agatttcagcattaagtacaacagttttagcaccgttgggcatttactcagataaaattaaagatgtcaa
aaaggttaaagatggtgctaaagttgtcattccaaatgatgtatcaaaccaagcacgtgcacttaaacta
ttagaagcagctggtttaataaaactgaaaaaagatttcggtttggcaggcacggtgaaagatataacgt
caaatccaaaacatttaaaaattactgcagtagatgcacaacaaactgcgcgtgctttatctgatgtcga
tattgcagttattaataatggtgtagcaactaaagcgggtaaagatcctaaaaatgatccgatattttta
gaaaaatcaaattcagatgctgtaaagccatatattaatattgttgcagttaatgacaaagacttggata
acaaaacatatgctaaaatcgtagaattgtatcattcaaaagaagctcaaaaagcgttgcaggaagatgt
caaagatggagagaaacctgttaatttatctaaagatgagattaaggcaatagaaacgtcattagcaaaa
taa
>Potential gene 21:22379..23038, 660 bp
atgtttggttctgatttagacagtgcacagttattacaagcattgtacgaaacgctatatatggtatcta
ttgctttatttttaggagcagtgattggtattccattaggtgtcttattggtaattactcgaaaacaagg
catatggcccaatatagtgatacatcaagttttaaatcctttaatcaatattttaaggtcactaccattt
attattttgttaattgcgattgtgccattcacaaaattagtagtaggtacttcaattggtacgactgctg
ccatcgtgcctttaacagtatatgtggcaccttacattgcaagacttgttgaaaactcattattggaagt
agacgaggggattattgaagcggcgaaagcgatgggcgcttcaccactacaaatcattagatatttttta
atccctgaagcgttaggttcattagtattagcaattaccactgcgattattggacttattggaagtacgg
cgatggcaggagctgttggcggtggtggtataggagacttagctttagtgtatggttatcaaagatttga
tacgacggtcattattattaccgttattgtattagtcattattgtccaagtgattcaaacgctagggaat
gttctagctagattcatacgtagacattaa
>Potential gene 22:23042..24070, 1029 bp
atgatgattgagtttcgacaggtaagtaagacctttaataaaaagaagcaaaaaatacatgctttaaaag
atgtatcatttaaggtcaatcgcaatgatatttttggtgtgattggatacagtggtgctggaaaaagtac
gttggtaagactcgtgaatcatcttgaagctgcctcaagtggtcaagtgcttgtagatggacatgatatt
acgaattatagtgaaaaaggcatgcgagaaataaaaaaagatatcggtatgatatttcagcatttcaatt
tattaaattcagctaccgtatttaaaaatgtagcaatgccactcattttaagtaagaaaagcaaaacaga
aattaagcaacgagtaacggaaatgcttgaatttgtaggattgagtgataaaaaagaccaatttcctgat
gaattatctggtgggcagaagcaaagggtggctattgcaagagcgcttgttactaatccgaaaatactcc
tatgcgatgaagcaacaagcgcattggatccagcaacgactgcttcgatattgacgttattaaagaatgt
caatcaaacctttggcattacaattatgatgattacacatgaaatgcgcgttattaaagacatttgtaat
cgtgttgctgtaatggaaaaggggcaagtggttgaaacaggaactgttaaagaggtgtttagtcatccta
aaacgacgattgctcaaaattttgtgtctacagttatacagactgagccaagtacatcattgattcgtcg
attgaatgacgaacaagttggcgattttaaagattataaaatcttcgtcgaggaaactcaggtgacacaa
ccgattataaatgacttgattcaaatttgtggcagagaggttaaaattttattttcatctatgtcagaaa
tacaaggtaacaccgtatgttatatgtggcttcgatttaatatggatcaacaatttgatgacacggcaat
aaatcaatatttcaaagagaaaaatattcaatttgaggaggtgcattaa
>Potential gene 23:24361..25557, 1197 bp
atggtagcgatcgatatatgtctaagcaaatatttaattatgaggagaatgattatgaataagaaaacta
aattaattcacggtggacacacaacggacgactatacaggtgcagttactacaccaatttatcaaacaag
tacatatttacaagatgatattggtgatttacgtcaaggatatgaatattctcgtactgcgaatccgaca
agaagttctgtagaaagcgttattgcggcattagaaaatggcaaacatggctttgcatttagttcaggtg
ttgcagcaatcagtgcagttgttatgctgttggacaaaggtgatcatattattttaaattcagatgtata
cggcggtacttatcgcgcattgacaaaagtatttacacgatttggcattgaagtggattttgtagataca
acgcatacagattcaattgtacaagcgatacgcccaacaacaaagatgttgtttattgaaacaccttcta
atccattattacgtgttactgacattaaaaagtctgctgaaattgcgaaagaacacggtttgatttcagt
cgttgataacacatttatgacaccttattatcagaatccattagatttaggtatcgatattgttttacat
tctgcaacgaaatatttaggtggacatagtgatgtcgttgctggtttagttgcaacatcggatgacaagc
ttgcagaacgtttagcatttatttcaaattcaacaggtggcattttaggacctcaagatagctatttact
tgtgaggggtattaaaacattaggtttacgtatggaacaaattaatcgcagtgttattgaaattattaaa
atgttacaagcacatccagctgtgcaacaagtgttccatccaagtattgaaagtcatttaaatcatgatg
tccatatggctcaagctgatggccatacaggtgtgattgcatttgaagtgaaagatacagaaagtgccaa
acaattgattaaagcaacatcgtattacacattagctgaaagtttaggtgcagtggaaagtttaatttca
gtacctgcactgatgacacatgcatccattccagcagatattcgagctaaagaaggtattacagacggac
ttgtaagaatttctgtaggtattgaagatactgaagatttagtggatgatttaaaacaagcactagatac
gttataa
>Potential gene 24:25496..26452, 957 bp
atgaagaaaggtttcattcatttgatcggcatgtcagatgagggtgcatctatgattacttatgatttaa
ttggcaatacaccattagtactgttagaacattatagtgatgataaagttaaaatttatgccaagcttga
acaatggaatcctggaggcagtgttaaagacagactcgggaaatatttagtagagaaggcaattcaagaa
gggcgtgtgcgtgcaggtcaaactattgttgaagcgactgctggtaatacaggcatagggttagctattg
cagcgaatagacatcatttgaaatgtaagatctttgcgccgtatggtttttcagaagaaaagattaatat
tatgatagcgcttggtgcagatgtttcaaggacgagtcagtctgaaggtatgcatggggcacaattagct
gcacgttcctatgctgaaaaatatggtgccgtttatatgaatcaatttgaatccgaacataatccggata
catattttcatacattgggacccgaattgacttcagcattacagcaaattgattattttgtggctggtat
tggctctggcggtacatttacaggtaccgcacgttatttaaagcaacatcacgtgcaatgttatgccgtt
gagccagaagggtccgtgttaaatggagggccagctcatgcacatgacactgaaggtatcggttctgaga
aatggccgatatttttagagagacgtcttgtagatgggatatttacgattaaagatcaagatgcctttcg
aaatgtcaaaagtttggctataaatgaagggttgttagtaggcagttcttcaggtgcagcattacaaggt
gcattgaatttaaaagcgcaattatctgaaggtacgattgttgtcgtatttccagatggtagcgatcgat
atatgtctaagcaaatatttaattatgaggagaatgattatgaataa
>Potential gene 25:26618..27964, 1347 bp
atgcgaatgatgaaaagacaacaatcacaatggaagtcatcaactggatttattttagctagtgcgggtt
ctgcaatcggtcttggtgccatgtggaaattcccatatatggcagggatttatggcggcggtgcctttct
agctatgttcttaatattcaccatttttgttgggttgccattactcattatggaattcactgttgggaaa
atgggacggacatatacaacacaaatatatagtaaattaactggtaaaaaatggctcaatatcattggct
ggaacggtaatttggcagtgtttattttatttggcttctatagtgttatcggtggttggattgtcattta
catcggacaagtattatggcaattagttatatttcaacgcatcaatcatctccaagaaatgaattttgaa
gcggtaatatcaaatccttggttaactgttctagggcaaggtatattcatattcgctacgatgattattg
tcatgttaggtgttgaaaaaggattagaaaaggcatcgaaagttatgatgccattgctgtttgtcttttt
aatcatcattgtgattaagtctttaacattagatggtgccttagaaggtgtgaaatttattttacaacca
agagtatcagagattactgctgacggtatcttgtttgcgctaggccaatcattctttacgttatcattag
gaactacaggtatgattacttatgcgagttatgcctctaaagacatgacgattaagtcatcagctatttc
tatcgttgttatgaatatctttgtatctgtattggcaggtctagctatatttccggcgttacatagtttt
ggctatgaaccacaagaagggcctggattattatttaaagtactgccaatggtctttagtcaaatgcatc
taggcacattattctatttgggattcttagtgctgttcttatttgcggctttaacgtcatctatttcttt
attagaattaaatgtttctaacttcacgaagaatgacaatacaaaacgtaaaaaagtcgcagtgatcggt
agtattttagtatttatcattagtattccagcaaccttatcttttggtatcttaaaagatgtaagattcg
gtgcgggaacgatttttgataatatggatttcatcgtttcgaatgtattgatgccattaggcgcattagg
tactacgcttgtcgtaggacaattattagataaaaaattattacaacaatattttggtaaagatcgattt
agattattcagtggttggtattacttaattaagtatgcgatgcctgtcgttattatcttagtctttatcg
tgcaattatttagttaa
>Potential gene 26:28362..29096, 735 bp
atgagaattaaaacaccgagtccatcgtatttaaaaggcacaaatggacatgcgatattattattacatt
catttacaggtacaaatcgggatgtgaagcatcttgcagctgagttaaatgcacaaggatttagttgtta
tgcaccgaattatccaggtcatggcttactgttgaaagatttcatgacatataatgtagatgattggtgg
gaagaagttgagaaagcttaccaatttttagtcaatgaaggttatgaatctatcagtgcaacgggtgtgt
ctttaggtggattaatgacattaaaattggcgcaacactatcctttgaaacgtatcgctgtcatgtcagc
accaaaggaaaagagtgacgatggcttaatagaacatttagtttattatagtcaacgcatgtcgaatatt
ttaaatttagatcagcaagcatcgagtgcgcaattagcagcaattgatgattatgaaggtgaaattacga
agtttcaacattttattgatgatatcatgacaaatttaaatgttattaaaatgccagctaatatattatt
tggtggtaaagatgcgccatcctatgaaacaagtgcacattttatttatgaacatttaggatcagtagac
aaagaattaaatggtctgaaggattcgcatcatttaatgacgcatggagaaggcagagatattttagaag
aaaatgttattcgctttttcaatgctttaacataa
>Potential gene 27:29133..29912, 780 bp
atgaactttataattttgatattgtcggtaaagtgaaatttgtggcacattgatattatggataacattt
gtaaaatgaaaatgatgatacgaggagattgtaagatgatagataaaaaattaacatcaccgaaaatgac
agtgcctttatttttaatcgcgctgattgtatttataggtatgttttacagtgtagtgacaaatcaagaa
tggcttaaaaatatagatatgggatcattaacatggtttacagattatttcggtgagccacaacgtcagt
atgttaacaatttatttaattactatatgacgtttagtgcggaaattggagatgtcaaaggtgtcgtgtt
gatttccattatcatcacaatcatactgtttattaaacagaggcatttagcggtttggtttgtgacatat
ttggtttcaggcgtcatcatgaacaaattaattaaagatactgttttacgtccaagaccatataatcatt
tagccgttgatacaggcttttcatttccaagtggacattccaacgccagcacattattatatttcgcctt
aatgatcataattatttcacttgctgctaagacaataacaaaagtgttgagtgcgctagttatgggaata
ttatggcttagcatattattttgtcgcctttattttcatgcgcattacttttcagatgtcattggcggca
cgtcactagcaatcatttgggtagcgttattcttaatggtatacccatactttattaatcatcgacgaca
acgcgtttag
>Potential gene 28:29845..30261, 417 bp
atgttatccataatatcaatgtgccacaaatttcactttaccgacaatatcaaaattataaagttcatat
tgttatgtatattgcaaataaaacattgtataattgaaataacaatattttgctattttcaatttagtac
gatttatagttattatacagagggggtaaggcgtatcaatagagttatttttgtctatatagcgttaatc
attacattagttagattctttacccctattcatccatcgttttcaaatttgatttactggatatttgtat
tatattttattcctattatactatgcgttatcggtttcaaggccgaaaaacttattgcaacaatggtcat
tatacctaattttttaggtatactttatcgattatatgcatacgtcacacatatactctttatgtaa
>Potential gene 29:30226..30390, 165 bp
atgatgtgtttattacgtggatgaatgcgtgggtctgaatatagcccgtgaaaggcgtatgtcataaaat
ttgcgaatggtgacaagtcaacgcaagcatatttgttgcgagacatgcccactatccttttacataaaga
gtatatgtgtgacgtatgcatataa
>Potential gene 30:30230..30394, 165 bp
atgcatacgtcacacatatactctttatgtaaaaggatagtgggcatgtctcgcaacaaatatgcttgcg
ttgacttgtcaccattcgcaaattttatgacatacgcctttcacgggctatattcagacccacgcattca
tccacgtaataaacacatcatataa
>Potential gene 31:30490..30852, 363 bp
atgaaaagaacgaaaggtgaaatcgaagctgaaatcagtaaagccattacgcaatgggaaaaagatttcc
ttggcagaggttccttgtcagttaaatcagacattttaagagatatggtgattattagtttacaaggtat
cttaacgccagcagaatatcgtgtgtgtagtacgaatgaaggattattaaatattaaacgaacacgttct
gaattagttgaatccggtgagcaagatttgaatgatatcattcttaaaattacaggtatcaaagtgatga
gcttccacagtgatttaagtacagttacaggtgaacgtattatcgtattcaaacttgaggataatttgga
aaagcatatttaa
>Potential gene 32:31014..33719, 2706 bp
atgacaacacagttaaatatcaattcagtcattgaaaatgcgaaacgtgttattacaccattatcaccaa
tttcgatttttgcagcacgaaatccatgggaaggattagaagcggatacgtttgaagatgttgcaaaatg
gttacgtgatgttcgagatgtggatatttttccaaataaagcattaatagaaagtgctgtggcacgtggt
gaattagacgaaagtgtctttaatcaacttgttactgatatgttacttgaacatcactacaatatcccgc
aacactacatcaatctttatattgataacattaaaacattaaaagacgtacctacatcatatatgaatca
ttcaaatgttgatgttgttgctgatctactattagaaaaatcaaaacgtgatatggctgaatcatatcat
cactatgatgtacgtccgatgagtgatgcaataatagatgaacaaggtgagccacttagcgaacaagtga
atcgtcaaatgattaaatggacgaaactttatatcgatcaatttctatcgagttggacaatgccgaagcg
agagcaaagtttttaccatgcatggttgcatttagcgcaacatgaccatagttttactaaagcacagcgc
caagtgattaaaggcttacccaatgatcctgaaatgacgatagagtcagtattaactcatttttcaatag
cgcaggaagactaccaagcttgtgttgaaggacatcttttggcgttaccgggttgggcaggtatgttgta
ttaccgttcacaacagcatcactttgaacaacatttgttaacggattatttggccattcggttagttgtc
gaacaattgctagttggtgatgagtttaagtcagtcactaaagattgtgaaagtagatcggaaaattggt
ttaagcaaactgttgcatcatggtgttactacagtgatatgcctagcgatgtattactacaacatgacgt
caatgaaattcaaacgtttattcattttgcagcaactatgaataaaaatgtatttaaaaatttatggcta
attgcctgggaaatgacatacgaatctcagttaaaacaaaaaattaaagcaggtcatgagagtgtggcgg
gcgcattagatgtaaaccaagtaaatgtcttagaaaatgataacgctaatcagccacattcagtattgtt
aaatgacacacaagcagttgatgaaaataatagcgagctaaatcagatgggcacatcaacgaaagcgcaa
attgcattttgtatagatgttcgttcagaaccatttcgtagacatatcgaagcggcagggccctttgaaa
cgattggtattgcaggtttctttggattacctattcaaaaagatgccgtagacgaacaattcaaacatga
ttcattacctgtcatggtaccgccggcatatcgcattaaagaatttgcagaccgctacgatatgaatgtt
tatcgacaacagcaacagacaatgtcatcgatgttttacacatttaaattgatgaaaaataatgtcatgc
ctagtctgttattgcctgaattaagtgggccatttttaagcttgagtaccattgtcaattcgattatgcc
tagaaaaagtcgcgcgtctttacaaaaaataaaacaaaaatggttgaaaaagcctgaaacaaagttaacg
attgatcgtgagtttgaccgaacatcagacttacctgttggatttactgagcaagagcaaattgatttcg
cgttacaagcgttgaaattgatggatttaaccgaagcatttgcgccgttcgttgtgttagcaggtcatgc
tagtcattctcataataatccacatcatgcatcacttgaatgtggggcttgtggtggcgcatcaagcggt
tttaatgctaagttattagcgatgatatgtaatcgtccaaatgtcagacaaggattaaaacaagcaggcg
tagtaattccggagacaactgtttttgcggcagcagaacatcatacgtctactgatacgttggcatgggt
atatgtgccagacacattatcagctttagctctagatgcatatgaatcattgaatgacgcgatgccgatg
atttctgaacacgcgaatcgcgaacgtttggacaaactgccaacgattggtcgtgtgaatcatccagtgg
aagaagcgcagcggtttgcgagtgattggagtgaggtacgtccagaatggggcttggctaaaaatgcatc
atttataattggacgacgccaattaacaaaaggcattgatttagaagggcggacatttttacacaattat
gattggcgtaaagataaagatggcacattgttaaataccatcatttctggtccggcacttgtggcacaat
ggattaatttacaatattatgcgtcgacagttgcgccgcatttttacggaagtgggaataaagcgacaca
aaccgtcacgtcaggtgttggtgtcatgcaaggtaatgcgagtgatctgatgtatggcttatcatggcaa
tctgttatggctgctgatcgaacgatgtatcattcgccaattcgtttgcttgtcgttgttcaggcacccg
actatgttgtagcaagactactcgcgaataatgaccatttcgctaggaaggtgtctaatcattggctgcg
tttaatgagcgttaatgaggaagggcgttttaaaagttggatttaa
>Potential gene 33:33732..35129, 1398 bp
atgccaatgagatatattaaattacatttatacatactagtcatgccagtattatttgcagtcattggct
ttttcggtattcatggtcaacatgtcttaggtccatttaaaatagatcgtttatcttggttattagctgg
ctttgtaatggcgcttggctttattattcaaaagttttcaatgcgatatttactaggtgatcatcattat
agacattactttccattgttcactgcgattacgtcgtttgcatctttagcatggatgtctgaagacttaa
gactgatggcactctgctggggtatgacattattatgtttaacattgctgatgaacgttaatcgtttttg
gaaagtgccacgtgagtctgcgaaattatcaagtatgacatttttatgtggttggcttgcattcgttgga
gcaattgtaactatttatattgcgactggcgagtggcgcgtgcctcaacatatgtctaattcgacatggt
cattgttgacgaatgtactacttgtattagctgtcatgataccggcagcacaatttccttttcatcgatg
gttgattgaatctgtaacggcaccaacgccagtatcggcaattatgcatgcaggaattgtgaatgcaggt
ggtgttattctaactcgttttgcgccgatatttgataatggatttgcgttatcattattacttatccttt
ctagtatttctgtattgttaggatcgggtattagcttagttcaagttgactataaacgccaattagtggg
ctctacgatgagtcaaatgggctttatgttagttcaatgtgcattgggtgtatattcagcagcgattatt
catttaatattgcacggtatttttaaagcaacattatttttacaatcaggttctatcgtgaagcgattca
atattccaaaacaagcatctgctaaagacgcttatggctggattgtcatgggacgtgtattagctattat
cgtggcatttctattttggatgagtagtgacagaagtgcatatgaagtgttaagtgcactcattctagca
tggtcattacttgtatcttggaatcagatggtagcctttagtaaagggcgcatggcacgtcttgttggca
tgattttgattgcaattgtgacatttatctacatcatcacacataattatttttacgatgtattgcgaaa
tataacaacacatgcgacaacaccgcctacagtgagtgtcatcattagtgttgtcattttaatctttggt
agtttattaagtatttgggtggcgcgtcatcgatactctaagggttttgcggtattgtacgtgtggttag
ttaatctaggtgaagcacgctcgaaagcgatagaaagtcatccgaattatttgaagaagtatttatag
>Potential gene 34:35556..35810, 255 bp
atgaaatcttatttaccagtgaattgttcgattaagcttttgataactttaatgatgccagcgatgatac
ccattaagattacctcctttgcttatgagttaacttcattgtacatagttatcttgtgcgtaattgattt
ttttcctaacttgaattgttatgatcataactgcgaattttttattttaaaaggacgggaaatactgcct
aactgtacaggtgcatttacaaaatctttacaatcattggtttaa
>Potential gene 35:36406..36615, 210 bp
atgtttgctttgatgaaaaatggcaaaaccatcgtaccaactgttaattgaaggtacaatcattgtttaa
cagtcataaaaatgagtgaagtaaatgcagctatcaatgtactattaacacttacggtcacacgagtgtt
tcagtctaaacgtgcaacgcaattccgcacgtggccaatatatcttgcgctagatcatgaaaatcattaa

>Potential gene 36:36783..37973, 1191 bp
atgattatacttcattcaacttatcgtgctggtctaatttgccattgatatggatcttcaaattgttgcc
aatctgcatcaatttcttgcgcattgactaagcatgcgtcgagttcttttgttaatttttcttcatctaa
ttctgtaccaataatgacaaattgtgtatgacgatcgccatattctggatcccattcagctgcgacatct
tgacgttctgctaatatttgtgtttgttgcgcttcagacatactagccacccaatatgtaactggatgaa
tattgcaagatgaccctgcttgagataataaacatgctacgtgattgtattgtgctagccatatgatacc
ttttgatcgaacgacattatttggcatgctttctaaccaatcattgaaccttttagcatggaaaggaagt
cgacgtttatatacaaacgatgatataccatattcttctgtttcaggtgtatgcgatgcatgcccaccag
actcaagttctttgatccatcctgctgactcgctcgctttttcaaaatcaaaacgctgcgtatttaagac
ttcttttaaatctacttcagaatttgttgtcttaataattttagcagtaggttgcaatgcgcttaacact
ttttctaactttgcaagttcttcttcactaattaaatcaattttattaataatcaatacatcacaaaatt
caacttggtcaattaataaatcagcaatcgaacgttcatctgtttcatcaacgctttgatcacgatccat
caataaatcttctgagttgatgtcatgtacgaagcggttagcatcaacaactgtaaccattgtatctaaa
cggcaaatcgctgtaagatcaatgccaagttcatcatcaatatatgagaaagtttgtgcaacaggtactg
gctctgaaatccctgttgactcaataacaatttgatcgatgccaccttttttcactaaacgctcaacttc
ttttaataaatcatctctaagtgtacaacagatacaaccattagagagttcgactaatttttcatctgta
cgcgatagtcccccaccatctgcgacaagatctttatcgatattaacttcactcatatcatttacaatta
ccgcgatacgtcgaccttcacgattttgtaaaatatgatttaacaatgttgttttccccgagcctaaata
a
>Potential gene 37:36803..38005, 1203 bp
atggctaaaattccagttacggtattaagtggttatttaggctcggggaaaacaacattgttaaatcata
ttttacaaaatcgtgaaggtcgacgtatcgcggtaattgtaaatgatatgagtgaagttaatatcgataa
agatcttgtcgcagatggtgggggactatcgcgtacagatgaaaaattagtcgaactctctaatggttgt
atctgttgtacacttagagatgatttattaaaagaagttgagcgtttagtgaaaaaaggtggcatcgatc
aaattgttattgagtcaacagggatttcagagccagtacctgttgcacaaactttctcatatattgatga
tgaacttggcattgatcttacagcgatttgccgtttagatacaatggttacagttgttgatgctaaccgc
ttcgtacatgacatcaactcagaagatttattgatggatcgtgatcaaagcgttgatgaaacagatgaac
gttcgattgctgatttattaattgaccaagttgaattttgtgatgtattgattattaataaaattgattt
aattagtgaagaagaacttgcaaagttagaaaaagtgttaagcgcattgcaacctactgctaaaattatt
aagacaacaaattctgaagtagatttaaaagaagtcttaaatacgcagcgttttgattttgaaaaagcga
gcgagtcagcaggatggatcaaagaacttgagtctggtgggcatgcatcgcatacacctgaaacagaaga
atatggtatatcatcgtttgtatataaacgtcgacttcctttccatgctaaaaggttcaatgattggtta
gaaagcatgccaaataatgtcgttcgatcaaaaggtatcatatggctagcacaatacaatcacgtagcat
gtttattatctcaagcagggtcatcttgcaatattcatccagttacatattgggtggctagtatgtctga
agcgcaacaaacacaaatattagcagaacgtcaagatgtcgcagctgaatgggatccagaatatggcgat
cgtcatacacaatttgtcattattggtacagaattagatgaagaaaaattaacaaaagaactcgacgcat
gcttagtcaatgcgcaagaaattgatgcagattggcaacaatttgaagatccatatcaatggcaaattag
accagcacgataa
>Potential gene 38:38138..38332, 195 bp
atgaaaatagcaatcgttataatagcactgccaatggtatataacgtatgtttcgtagataatccttcag
tctttgaaccaaaaacactgagtagaataaatgcaataccaatgacatataaaactaaaatgacaaatag
catgtttatacacctcgattctctttcgtgagatatatctttgtctccattataa
>Potential gene 39:38712..39026, 315 bp
atgactctaatagaaccagatatgaacttaagaatgccagatataagtactacagtagaaacacttaatc
tcatatctaaaatggaagcgcaaaaagaaaatattcgcacagttattgcacctgaacataagcataaata
taaagatattgaaaatgggttaaaaggtgaagaaaaagtattaattgaacaaatggcgcagcattgcgaa
gcttttaaagctaattttaaaggcgcagctcaaggagattgggttaaaagtgctatgtctgagattgaca
gcattaaggatgacctgaaaaaaattaatagctaa
>Potential gene 40:39042..39368, 327 bp
atgatgtttaatcaaattaataataaaaatgaattagaagaatcatatgaatctgagaaaaaacgtatag
agaatgaactgcaaaatttaaatgaacttaggcatagaactcgaaaagaaaatgaacgtagttatgatgt
ttttcaatatttgaagcacgaaatgaattatagtgaagatgcccaaaggaaaatgacgagaaatatagaa
gcgtatgagcaagaaatcaatgagataattagaaagcaagaatggaaattagaagaatataaagaagact
taaaaaagtcttatgaaaagcagttagataaactaagtgactgataa
>Potential gene 41:39332..40693, 1362 bp
atgagtaaaccagaatatcaactaaacccaggtaaaataaatgcaaatacagaagaaacatctgctatat
cctattttagttatcaaattgaaaatgcaaatattagtggtttggataaagtaaaaatgtatcagcaaat
tgatatactaaaagatagatacaaattcccttctaatcttgaatatgttgatagttacactgattctctt
actggagtaacaacttctgcttttttaaataaagatacaggcaaagtaactctcgggatgactgggacta
atttacaagacgaagcctttaaaaagttaaaagaaggtgaattttcaagacaaaattttaccaatgcttt
ggaaacagttaaagatggatatgcagatcttaaaatattatattctcctgcatctgatcaaaactataga
tatgcgaatacacaagaatttataaataaaataaaaagtaagtatgacattgattttattactggtcatt
cactaggtggaagagatgcagtagttctaggaatgagtaatggtattccgaacattgtggtttataatcc
agctcctatttctataactagtttgaatcctaattccccagatggaaaacgattgttagagttatataaa
aattataaaggtaatattactaggtttgttgcagaaaatgatgcattgacagaaaatctgaagaaatata
agcattatgtttttttcggtaatgataaagtctttaaaaatggtaaaggtcatggaatggaaggctttct
gaccaaagaagaacaaaaagctataaaaaaagaactaaaaaaactacaaggttatgcagaagaaaataat
aagtcatttgtaaagcattcaaataatgctatctctaaattagctagtatagaattacttagagcaaata
tgatgactacaaatggaggaggattatcttcttcgcagcaaaaagttttagaaagtttaacagctttaac
aattgcgcagtcattcagtcaactgatagacgatgaaattaatcaaatcaaaaaaatgtataatgaaaag
aaaaagaaatttggaaaaaattgggaagacgctcaaaaagctggaaaagctgtaggtgaagatttgagtg
taaatggagttctcaatgctttagatgaaggtcaagtgaatgaaagtagtatggtaagagaacctgaaca
aatgatatctgcaaaagaaagacaactttcaacgatagggtcttctgtatcaaattatattatgagagtt
agactcagtattaatgaaatcgttgataaagatcaagtgcttgcatcacaaataggtggattactatgat
gtttaatcaaattaataataaaaatgaattag
>Potential gene 42:40696..41553, 858 bp
atgaaatattcaaatgtttataaaattaaagcagagagatgtgaaatgatggagtatataaaaaaaattg
ctttgtacatgagtgtattacttttaatcatttttattgggggatgtggaaatatgaaagaagaacagaa
aaaagaagcaaatacaaataaaacagattcaaaagaagagcaaatcaaaaaaagctttgcgaaaacgttg
gatatgtatcctactgaaaatctagaagacttttataacaaagagggatatcgagatggagaatttaaaa
aagatgataaaggtacttggctaattagatctgaaatagttaaacagccaaagggcaaagtgatgaaaac
aagaggtatgcaattatatattaatagaaataccaaaacagccaaaggtttctttgttttgaaagaaata
agtgaaaataataatcgtgtaaataaagataaggaggaaaaatacgaagtgaaaatggtaggaaataaaa
ttattcctactgaacaaattaatgacgagaaaataaaaaaagaaattgaaaacttcaagttttttgtgca
atatggaaagtttaaaaatttcgaaaaatacaaaaatggtgagttttcatataatccagaagcaccaatt
tattcggctaaatatcaattacaaaacgacgattacaatgtaaggcaactacgtaaaaaatatgacattt
caacaaaagaagcgcctaagttacttttaaaaggtggaggggatttaaaaggttcctcagttggtcaaaa
agatattgaatttacatttgttgaaagaaaaggtgagaatatttattttaatgatagtgttgaatttata
ccaagtgaggataaataa
>Potential gene 43:41686..42483, 798 bp
atgagaaatttaaagagagacgtattgtacataagcattatggctttgagtatttttataataggctgtg
ataaatctagtgttactgctgaaaaagcaaaagaagactcaaaagaagaccaaatcaaaaagagctttgc
gaaaacgttagatatgtaccctattaagaatctcgaggatttatacgataaagaaggataccgtgatggc
gaatttaaaaagggtgataaggggacgtgggttattagatctgaaatgacaacagaactaaaagatgaaa
atatggaatccaaaggtatggtcgtacgtttaaatagaaataccagaacaactacaggtgagtattttgt
taggataatcaaagaagacaatgagggcaaggtatatagtgatgaacgaaaatacccagtcaaaattgat
aataaaaaaattattccattaaaattaatcgatgatgaaaaagttaaaaaagaaattgaagaatttaaat
tctttgtacaatatgggaattttaaagaattggaaaactataaagatggtaaagtgtcatataatccaga
agtaccaatttactctgcgcaatatcaattgaaaaacagtgattataatgtagagcaactacgtaagcga
tataatatcccaacaagaaaggcgcctaaattgttattgaaaggctcaggtaatttaaaaggatcctcag
tcggatataaaaatattgaatttacctttgttgaaaataaggaagaaaatatttacttcacagatagtat
taatttcaacccaagtgaggataaataa
>Potential gene 44:42522..43337, 816 bp
atgatagagagaagtgaaaaaatgagggattcaaaaagagtagtattgtacataagcattatggtgttga
gtatttttataattggttgtaatagttcaagcgagaatgcaaaaaaatcaaaagaagactcaaaagaaga
ccaaatcaaaaagagttttgcgaaaacgttagatatgtatccaattaagaatctcgaggatctatatgac
aaagaaggatatcgagatggcgaatttgaaaaaggtgataaggggacgtggacgatatatacagattttg
ccaaaagtaataaagcgggtgaattggatagtgaaggtatggtattacatttgaatagaaatacgcggac
ggctaaaggatattattttgtaagaaaaacttataacgaagaggataagatgctgcaaaggaaagattat
cgtattaaacttaaaaataataaaattgtccttttagataaagtagaagataaaaaactcaaacataaaa
tagaaaattttaaattttttgggcaatatgcagattttaaagacttgaaaaattataaaaacgggaaaat
atcgagcaatgaaaatgttccatattatgaagcagagtacaaaatagaaaatagtgatagaaatgtaaaa
aaacttagaaatgtttatccaattacaaccagtgaatcgccaactttaaaatttcatatagatggggata
taaaaggtagctcgataggatataaaaaagtggaatatatcttttcaaagcaaaaagataaccaaatttc
tgtcagtgattttttaaattttaacccatcaaaagataatcagtag
>Potential gene 45:43377..44159, 783 bp
atgatgggatatttaaaaaggattggattgtgcataagcctgttgattttaagcatttttgtaacatctt
gtgatagtgataataagatcactggagattcaaaagaagcacaaattaaaaagagttttgcaaaaacttt
agatatgtatccaattaagaatctcgaggatttatacgacaaagaaggatatagagatggtgaatttaaa
aagggagacaaagggacgtgggttgttagatctgaaatgataattcaaccaaaaggtaaaagtttaactt
caagaggcatgatattatacatgaatagaaatactaggaccacaactggttatttttcaatagaagaaat
agattcaagaaaaaaccttgacgagagagaaacagaaaaaaagtatcctgtgaaaattataaacaataaa
attattccaaccgtaaagataaaagatgaaaagttgaaaaaggaaattgaaaactttaagttttttgttc
aatatgggagttttaaaggaatagagaattatgaaaatggtcacatttcctacaattctgaaggtcctat
ttattccgcgagatatcaactgaaaaatgatgattataatgttaaagaattacgaaaaagatatgatata
ccaacagaaaaggcgcccaaattattgttgaaaggttcgggggatttgaaagggtcttcagttggatata
aggaaattgaatttatatttctagaaaataaaaaagaaaatatatatttttcagatggattaaacttaat
tccaggtgactaa
>Potential gene 46:44204..45016, 813 bp
atgaagtataaaacagagagacgtgaagcgatgggatatttaaaaaggtttacattgtacataagtattt
ttattttaatagttgttatagcaggttgtggtaaaagtgatgaaacaaaagaagattccaaagaagaaca
aattaaaaagagctttgcgaaaacgttagatatgtatccaatcaaaaatctcaaggatttatacgacaaa
gaaggctatagagatggcgaatttaaaaagggcgataagggtacatggactttactcacaagtttttcaa
aaagtaacaaaccaggcgagatagatgatgaaggtatggtgctatatctaaataggaataccaaaaaggc
aacaggttattattttgtaaataaaatttatgatgatattagcaaaaatcagaatgagaaaaaataccgt
gttgaacttaaaaataataagattgttcttttagataatgtagaagacgaaaaacttaaacaaaaaattg
aaaattttaaattttttagtcagtatgccgattttaaagatttaaaaaattatcaagatggaagtataac
aactaatgaaaatgtaccgagctatgaagcagaatacaaattgaataatagtgatgaaaatgtaaaaaaa
cttagagatatttatccaattacaacgaaaaaggctccaatattaaagttacatatagatggtgatataa
aaggaagttcagttggatacaaaaaaatagaatataaattttcaaaagttaaagatcaagagacaacatt
aagagattatttaaattttgggccgtctgatgaagatatctaa
>Potential gene 47:45347..45661, 315 bp
atggatatgaaatttaaaaaggttttagtagctacggcaatggtaggtgttttagcaactggcgttgttg
gatatggtaatcaagcagatgcgaaagtttattctcaaaatggactcgtactacattatgatgcaaactt
cttagaacatgaattaagttatattgatgtgttattagataagaatgctgaccaagctacaaaagacaac
ttaagatcatacttcgccgataaaggactacattcaatcaaagacattatcaacaaagctaaacaagacg
gctttgatgtttcaaaatatgaacacgtaaaataa
>Potential gene 48:45768..47252, 1485 bp
atgagggaaaattttaaattacgtaaaatgaaagtcggtttagtatcagttgcaattactatgttatata
tcatgacaaacggacaagcagaagcatcagaaactaatcaaaagccaagtacaaatcaagaatcaacagc
tgttacacatactgaacaaaattcaaaagaaacaaaaacggcagagtcttctaagaactttgttaattta
gaccctatcaaaccaggagatcaaaaggtaacagggactactatgccgaatcatattatattacttaaca
tagatggaaaaagtgttgattcagtagatggagaggacagttcatttataacttcaaaagaagatgggaa
gtttgagtatcctctaaataatcgtaaaatagttcacaaccaagaaattgaagtatcatcttcatcttta
gatgatttaggtgaagatgatgaagaggtagaagaagattccactgaaaaatctgaagctgaagaagaaa
gtacaggtgctaaagttacttacacaacaccgcgatatgaaaaagcgtatgaagtaccggaaaaacgatt
agaagaaaaagatggacatcaccaagttttcatcgaacctattactgaaggatcaggtattattaaaggg
catacgtctgtaaaaggtaaagttgctttatctattaataataaatttattaattttgaaacaaattcta
atggtggcccaaataaagaagaagcgaaatctggatcagaaggaatctggatgcctattgatgataaagg
atactttaattttgacttcaaaacgaaacgtttcgataatttagagttaaaagaaggtaatgacatttca
ctaacatttgcacctgatgatgatgaagatgcattaaaacctttaattttcaaaactaaagtaacaagtt
tggaagatattgataaagcagaaactaaatatgaccatactaaagtcaacaaagtgaaaattttagataa
tgttaaagaagatttacatgttgatgaaatatatggaagcttatatcatacagacaaaggtaaaggtatt
cttgataaagaaggtactaaagtaattaaaggaaagactaaattcgcgaatgcagtagtgaaggtagact
ctgaactaggtgaagcacaattattccctgatttacaagtaaatgaaaaaggtgaatttagctttgactc
acatggtgctggttttagattacaaaatggagaaaaactaaactttacagtagttgatcctattacaggt
gagctgttgagtaatgagtttgtttctaaagagattgatattgaagaaacaccagaagaaaaagcagacc
gtgaatttgatgaaagacttgaaaatacgcctgcttactacaagttatacggcgataaaatagttggttt
cgatactaacgatttcccgattacttggttttatccattaggtgaaaagaaagttgaacgtataacacct
aaattagaaaaataa
>Potential gene 49:47274..47960, 687 bp
atgaaattaaaaaatattgctaaagcaagtttagcattagggattttaacaacagggatgattacaacta
ctgctcagccagtaaaagcaagtacattagaggttagatcacaagcgactcaagatttaaaagattatta
taaaggacaaagttttgatctgaaaaatataggaggatataaggaaggcaacaaggttactttcatatat
cacaatcaacaaattgatgtgacactaacaggtaatgaaaagttagaatttaatgacgatggagaaatat
ctaatgttgatgtatttgtggtcagagaaaattctgatagatcaggtatcacaagttctaatggaggaat
aacaacttcaaataaacaagatatcatagataatgtcaaaagtgtgaacatgcaaataactaaaaaaact
agtagtaatactgaaactgtaacttcatcttattacagtataagtaaagagaatatctcattaaaagaac
ttgatttcaaattaagaaaacacttaatcgacaaaaacggtctttataaaacagaacctaaaaacagcaa
aattagagttaccatggaagatggtgggttttacacatttgaattgaataaaaagttacaaacaaaccgc
atgggtgatgtaattgatggtactaaaataaaagaaattaatgttgaattaaactaa
>Potential gene 50:48373..49665, 1293 bp
atgcatacctgaaagaacttggggtgttgaaagatgagtaatacacaaaagaaaaatgtgccagagttga
gattcccagggtttgaaggcgaatgggaagagaagaagttaggggatcttacagatagagtaattaggaa
aaataaaaacttagaatcgaaaaagcctttaacaatatccggacagttaggtttaattgatcaaacagaa
tactttagtaaatcagtttcgtcgaaaaatctagaaaattatacactaataaagaatggagaattcgcgt
ataacaaaagttattctaatggatacccattaggggctattaaaagattaactagatatgatagtggtgt
attgtcctctttgtatatttgtttttctattaaaagtgaaatgtctaaagacttcatggaagcatatttt
gattcgacacactggtatagagaagtttctggaattgcagttgagggtgcaagaaatcacggattattaa
atgtttctgtgaatgatttttttactattctaattaaatatccaagtttagaagaacagcaaaaaatagg
caagttcttcagcaaactcgaccgacaaattgaattagaagaacaaaagcttgaattacttcaacaacag
aaaaaaggctatatgcagaaaatcttctcacaggaattgcgatttaagaatgagaatggtaatgattatc
ctgattgggaaagaattaaattttttgatgtaattgataaagtaatagattttagagggagaacaccaaa
aaaattaaatatggaatggtctgacgaagggtatttagcattatcagcagtcaatgtaaaaaaaggctat
attgattttaatgtagaggcgaaatatggaaatctagatttatatactagatggatgagaggaaatgaat
tatataaggggcaagtattatttacaactgaagcgccaatgggcaatgtagcacaggttccggataataa
aggatatatattaagtcaaagaactatcgcgtttaattcaaatgaaaaaatcactgataactttttagca
tcattgttgagctctgaaaatgtttataatgatttattaaaattgtgtagtggtgctacagcaaaaggtg
tgagtcaaaaaaatttaaatcgactatacgttactattccacattccatatcagagcaagaagagattgc
tgaattctttagaaaaattaatcaattggttgagttgcaaaaatataaaattgaacatactaaaagtcaa
aaacaagtgtttttacaaaagatgtttatttaa
>Potential gene 51:49625..51181, 1557 bp
atgtctattactgaaaaacaacgtcagcaacaagctgaattacataaaaaattatggtcgattgcgaatg
atttaagagggaatatggatgcgagtgaattccgtaattacattttaggcttgattttctatcgcttctt
atctgaaaaagcagaacaagaatatgcagatgccttgtcaggtgaagacatcacgtatcaagaagcatgg
gcagacgaagaataccgtgaagacttaaaagcagaattaattgaccaagtcggttacttcattgagccac
aagatttattcagtgcgatgattcgtgaaattgaaacgcaagatttcgatatcgaacatttggcgacggc
aattcgtaaagttgaaacatcaacactaggtgaagaaagtgaaaatgactttatcggactgttcagcgat
atggatttgagttcaacgcgtttaggtaacaatgtcaaagaacgtactgcgttaatctctaaagtcatgg
ttaaccttgacgatttaccattcgttcacagtgacatggaaattgatatgttaggtgatgcatacgaatt
tcttatcgggcgctttgcggcgacagcgggtaaaaaagcaggcgagttctatacaccacaacaagtatct
aagatactggcgaagattgtcacagacggtaaagataaattacgtcacgtgtatgacccaacatgtggtt
caggttcactgttgttacgtgttggtaaagaaacacaagtgtatcgttatttcggtcaagaacgtaacaa
taccacatacaacttagcgcgtatgaatatgttattacatgatgtgcgttatgaaaatttcgatatccgt
aatgatgatacgttggaaaacccagcctttttaggccatacatttgatgcggttattgcgaatccaccgt
atagtgcgaaatggacagcagattcaaaatttgaaaatgacgaacgatttagtggttacggcaagcttgc
gccaaaatccaaagcagactttgcctttattcaacacatggtacattacctagacgatgaaggtaccatg
gcagttgtgctaccacatggcgtcttattccgtggggctgcagaaggtgtgattcgtcgttatttaatag
aagaaaagaactacctagaagccgtgattggcttaccagccaatattttctatgggacaagtattccaac
atgtattttagtatttaaaaaatgtcgccaacaagacgacaacgtattatttatcgatgcatccaatgat
tttgaaaaaggaaaaaatcaaaaccatttaagcgatgcccaagtcgatcgtattatagccacatataagc
gtaaagaaacgattgataaatatagctacagcgcgacattacaagagattgccgataacgattacaacct
aaatataccgagatatgtcgacacattcgaagaagaagagccaattgatttagatcaagtccaacaagat
ttgaaaaatattgacaaagaaatcgcagaaatcgaacaagaaatcaatgcatacctgaaagaacttgggg
tgttgaaagatgagtaa
>Potential gene 52:51440..52123, 684 bp
atgaaattgacagcattagcaaaagcaacattagcattagggattttaacaacaggaactttaacaacag
aggcttattcaggtcatgctaaacaaaatcaaaagtcagtaaacaaacatgataaagaagcattacaccg
atactacagtggaaactttaaggaaatgaaaaacattaatgctttgagacatggtaaaaataacttacgt
tttaaatatagaggtatgaagactcaagtattattgcctggagatgagtaccgtaaatatcaacagcgaa
gacatacaggcttagatgtgttttttgttcaagaaaaaagagacaagcacgacatatcatatactgttgg
tggcgtaacaaagtcgaataaaacacctgggtttgttagtgcaccattattaaatgttacaaaagaaaat
ggtgaagatgcttttgtgaaaggttacccttatgatattaaaaaagaagaaatatcactaaaagaattag
attttaagttaagaaaacatctaattgaaaaatatggtctttataaaacaaaatcaaaagatggcaagat
taaaattaacttgaaagatggcagcttttataaccttgatttaagatctaaattaaaattcaaacatatg
ggggaagtcatagatagtaaacaaattaaagatattgaagtgaatttgaagtaa
>Potential gene 53:52490..53188, 699 bp
atgaaattgacagcattagcaaaagcaacattagcattaggaatattaactacaggtgtgtttacagcag
aaagtaaagccgttcacgcgaaagtagaacttgatgagacacaacgcaaatactatatctatatgttaaa
agattactattctgaagaaagctatgaaccaacaaacattagtgttaaaagtgaagattattatggttct
aacgttttaaactttaaccatcgaaataaaaacttcaaagtatttctacttggtgatgataaaaataaat
ataaagaaaaaacgcatggtcttgatgtctttgcagtacctgaattaatagatactaaaggtggcatata
tagcgttggcggtataacaaagaaaaatgtgagacccgtgtttggctgtgtaagtcatccaggtttacta
gttaaaaaaatcgatcctaaacatggcttttcggtaaatgagttgttctttattcaaaaggaagaagtat
cgttgaaagaacttgattttaaaataagaaaaatgttagtcgaaaaatatagattgtataaaggcgcgtc
agataaaggtagaatcgttattaatatgaaagacgaaaagaaatatgtaattgatttaagtgaaaaatta
agttttgatcgtatgtttgatgtaatggatagtaagcaaattaaaaatattgaagtgaatttgaattaa
>Potential gene 54:53529..54224, 696 bp
atgaaattaaaaacgttagctaaagcaacattagcattaggtttattaactactggtgtcattacatcag
aaggtcaagcagtaaaagcggcagaaaagcaagagagagtacaacatttacatgatattagagatttaca
tcgatactactcagcaccaagttttgaatatagtaatattagcggtaaggttgaaaactacaatggttct
aacgttgtacgctttaaccaaaaagatcaaaatcaccaattattcttattaggaaaagataaagaagaat
ataaagaaggtcttcaaggtcaaaatgtctttgtagtacaagaattaattgatccaaacggcagactatc
tactgttggtggtgtaacgaagaacaataacaaaacttctgaaactaaaacacaattagttgttaataaa
gttgatggcggagatttacatgcatcaattgactcatttttaatccaaaaagaagaaatctcattaaaag
aacttgatttcaaaattagacaacaattagttaataattacggattatataaaggtacatctaaatacgg
taaaatcattatcaatttgaaagacgaaaataaagtagaaattgatttaagtgataaattgcaattcgag
cgcatgggcgatgtgttgaatagtaaagacattagaggtatagcagtaactattaaccaaatttaa
>Potential gene 55:54496..54768, 273 bp
atgcgacaccgtgcgactataggtatcaactatttttacaagttttattgtcgttattatctttcatcaa
cccgcttcatttccgatcataacgacacaaaaaagaagctaagcaacctatgctgcctaactcctctata
ctatccatattttactattatccatgttttattgaattatctaatattggcttctattttctcaatattt
ctaccgtcaatgacgtcactcatgcggtttgtttgtaactttttattgagttcaaacgtataa
>Potential gene 56:54672..55376, 705 bp
atgaaaataagaacaattgtgaaagccagtttagctctaagtattttagcaactggggttataacatcaa
cggctcaaactgtaaatgcgagtgaacatgaagcaaaatatgaaaatgtgacaaaagatatctttgactt
aagagactactatagtggtgaaagtaaagcgcttaaaaatgttatcggttatcactatagtaaaggcggt
agacactaccttgtcattgataaaaatagaaagttcacaagagtacagatatttggtaaagatattgaaa
gatttaaagcacgcaaaaatccgggattagacatatttgttgttaaagaagcggaaaaccgtaatggtac
agtttattcgtatggtggtgttactaagaaaaatcaaggcgcctattatgattatataaacgcaccaaga
ttccaaatcaagagagatgaaggtgacggtattgctacgtacggtagagtacactacatttataaagaag
aagtatcacttaaagaattggattttaaattgagacagtatttaattcaaaattttgatctgtataaaaa
gtttcctaaagacagcaagataaaagtgataatgaaagatggcggctattatacgtttgaactcaataaa
aagttacaaacaaaccgcatgagtgacgtcattgacggtagaaatattgagaaaatagaagccaatatta
gataa
>Potential gene 57:55641..56768, 1128 bp
atgaaaataagaacaattgcgaaagcgagtttagcgttagggcttgtaacaacaggtgcaagtatagtaa
caacgcaatcggccaatgcagaagtagcatcagcacttaaagcaggacagttagcaaagataaacgtatc
atcaagtgcagtcacaacgacaacgcaagcagtgaacgcagaacaaaatcgtacggctaatactgaacag
gcatcaaagtctaatacagaaaaagtatcaacatcgccttcaattaaaacagaacagacgccaaaatcta
acacacaaaaggcaactcaaccaacaccaagcggaacaactcagcctttaccaaatgcacaaccgcaatc
accacaatcaacaccaaacgcatcaacatcgccttcatctagtgtagaaacacaacaaccgcaatcgcct
accacaaaacaagcacaaaaggaaataaaccctaaatataaggatttaagaacatattatacgaaaccga
gtttagaattcgaaaagcaatttggttttatgctgaaaccatggacgacagttaggtttatgaatgttat
accagattggttcatttataaaatagctttagttggaaaagacgataagaaatataaagatgggccatac
gataatattgatgtatttatcgttttagaggacaataaatatcaattaaaaaaatattctgtcgggggta
tcacgaagacgaatagtaaaaaagttgatcacaaagcaagaatcagtattactaaagaagatgagaaagg
caaaatctcacgcgatgattcagaatacaagattactaaagaagagatttccttgaaagagcttgatttt
aaattgagaaagcaactcattgaacaacataatctgtacggtaatattggttcaggaacaattgttatta
aaacgaaaaatggtgggaagtacacgtttgaattacacaaaaaattacaagaacatcgcatggcagatgt
catagatggcactagtatcgacagaattgaagtgaatctaaaatcatcgtgatggatactgcatagaacc
tatgaacgatgtgccgagaagttgagtgacaactatttacatgttgctcagcttctttcgtgttgcgcag
tgatataa
>Potential gene 58:57058..57759, 702 bp
atgaaaatgaaatcaattgcaaaagtaagtttagtcttgggtattttagctacaggtgtaaatactgtaa
cggaacaaccggtgcatgccgaaaataaacctattcaagtaagccaaaatagtaaaaatttaaaagcgta
ctatactcaaccgagtgttgaatataaaaatgtgacaggttatatcagtagtattcaacctaaagcaggt
actaaatttatgaatattatagaaggtaatacagttaataatctagctttagttggcaaagataagcaac
actatcatacgggtgtacatcgtaaccttgatattttttatgttaatgaggataagagatttgaaggttc
aaagtactctattggtggtatcacagaagcaagcgataaagctgttgaccaaatagcagaagcaagagtt
attaaagaagatcatactggtgaatatgattatgactttttcccatttaaaatagataaagaagcaatga
cattgaaagaggtcgattttaaaataagaaaacatcttatcgatcattatggtctttacggtgaaatgag
ttcaggaacagttactgttaaaatgaaatactatggcaagtatacatttgaattagataaaaagttacaa
gaagaccgaatggccgatatcattaaagtcacagatattgacagaattgaagttatagttaaaaaagcat
aa
>Potential gene 59:58043..58723, 681 bp
atgaaatttaaagcgatagcaaaagcaagtttagcattgggaatgttagcaacaggtgtaattacatcga
atgtacaatcagtacaagcgaaagcagaagttaaacaacaaagtgaggctgatttaaaactttattatag
tggaccaagttttgaatataaaaaagtaactggatatggatttgttgaaggtaaagatagattcattgat
tttatatacaatggacaatataataaaatatctttagttggttctgataaagataaatataatgaagaag
ttaatccagatatagatgtgtttgtcgttagagaaggaaacggtagacaagctgataatcattcgattgg
tggcgtaacaaaaactaatcgaggagtgtattatgactatatacacacaccaatccttgaaatcaagaaa
ggtaaagaagaaccacaaagtagtctataccaaatttataaagaagacatttcgctaaaagaacttgatt
atagattaagagaacgtgcaatcaaacatcacggcttgtattcaaaaggtcttaaacaaggtcaaattac
aattacaatgaatgatggcacaacacatacaatcgatttaagtcaaaaacttgaaaaagagcgtatgggt
cagtcagtagacggcaaacaaatacaaaaaattctagtagaaatgaaataa
>Potential gene 60:58866..59126, 261 bp
atgctaactgttattaatcaattcttatccgtcgagactcttttttatacaattcacactttataccatt
ttaattttaaaaactgtaaaacttttagacacaaaaatgacaccatatcgtcgcagtaccatgtcaaaaa
tttcaaagatcatggtgacacacatcaactaaaacgcgtcattacggtattttcaacattaataacatat
acgtatttactatacacgacgacaataaatacagattacaattttttataa
>Potential gene 61:59186..60040, 855 bp
atgaagtgaatgaatattatgttaacaggtgctacaggtcatttaggcacacatattacaaatcaagcca
ttgcaaatcacatagatcattttcacattggtgttagaaatgttgagaaagttccagaagattggcgtgg
aaaagtttctgttcgacaattagattattttaatcaagaaagcatggtagaagcatttaaaggaatggat
accgttgtgtttattccaagtattatccatccatcattcaaacgtattcctgaagtggaaaatttagtat
atgctgcaaagcaatgtggcgttgctcatatcattttcataggttattacgcagatcagcataataatcc
attccatatgagtccttattttggttatgcagcacgtctattggcaacaagtggcattgactatacctat
gtaagaatggcaatgtacatggatccacttaaaccatatttaccagaattgatgaatatgcataaactga
tttatccagctggtgatggtcgtattaattatattactagaaatgatattgctagaggcgtcattgctat
tattaaaaatccagatacttggggcaaatgttatttattatcaggctacagttatgatatgaaagaactt
gctgctattttatctgaggcatcaggcacagaaattaaatatgaacccgtttcattagagacatttgcaa
aaatgtacgatgaacctaaaggctttggtgcattattggcatcaatgtacgacgcaggagcaagaggact
attagaccaagaatccaatgatttccaacaattagtcaatgatcaaccacagacactacaatcattttta
caagaaaatatttaa
>Potential gene 62:60116..60418, 303 bp
atgtaccttgaaacgattgctacaacttccaaaaagactagcgagacatttaatataagcgtcgataaat
tgaaagacaaaaatattaacgtacttttgaagaatcaaggcgtatataatggtttaatcggagttttgct
aatatacggtttgtttatcagcagtaatccaaaagaaatatgcgcagctattttagtgtatatcattggc
gttgctatttatggtggcctttcaagcaatattagtatctttttcaaacaaggtacgttgccagtattgg
cactcatttcaatgctttggtaa
>Potential gene 63:61080..61664, 585 bp
atgaaaacaaaaaatcttaataactttatttatagcatttctaatctcagaaatgctataaaggacaacg
ccctctttcataactatataagtcaagaaaccaagacatttcaaacatctttaaacccttcaatagcaca
ttccctaaaacataaagcaataacaatgaacgatcaaaattccttccgtacgtatttaattatagataaa
tcagaccttgaaataatgggatacttctgcttaaaaattataaatataaagcttgaaaaagacgttagtg
gaaaaacgaaaagaaaaatctcgtctgatgctaaaaagaatggagaatttcaagcattattaataactaa
attagataggagcgataaacacaaaaagcatataccaggagaaattgtaatggactatgccttatctatt
gcttctgaaatttatgatcgtactgcactaagacatatttgtgttgattggtatgataataagaatttga
aagaattttattgcaataattgtggatttaaaatataccaagaaaaaataactaaaaaaggaaaacttat
ttccgcattttacaagcttaagtaa
