>Potential gene 1:816..1262, 447 bp
atgagtgttgaaatagaatcaattgaacatgaactagaagaatcaattgcatcattgcgacaagcaggcg
taagaattacacctcaaagacaagcaatattacgttatttaatttcttcacatactcatccaacagctga
tgaaatttatcaagcactttcacctgattttccaaatataagtgttgcgacaatatataataacttaaga
gtgtttaaagatattggaattgtaaaagaattaacatatggagactcatcaagtcgattcgactttaata
cacataatcattatcatattatatgtgaacaatgtggtaagattgttgattttcaatatccacagttaaa
tgaaattgaaagattagctcagcatatgactgactttgacgtaacacatcatcgaatggaaatttatgga
gtttgtaaagaatgccaagataaataa
>Potential gene 2:1359..2309, 951 bp
atgaaagttgttgggttaaatcgtatgcgtgaagttgaaactgaattacaacaacgcttttcagatttag
attttaaattttataaaaaagcatcagaaatacctgagagcgacttggctgatttagatatattagttgg
ttatgatggcggtatcaatgaggcatttttacgacgttgcccgaatttaaaatggattgcatggtttgca
acgggtgtaaatacattgccgttagattatattgcagatcacggcatacttttaactaatggaaaaggtg
ttcaagctaaacaattatctgaatacattttagctttcattttagatgattataaaaagatgaaactatc
atatgataaccaacgacaacatatatatgattcgaaaataactggtaaacgcctatcaggacaaacagtt
ttatttttaggtacaggtgcaattgctactagaactgcgaagttagcaaaggcttttaatatgaatttaa
ttggtctgagcaagtcaggtcagaacaaagatgagtttgacgagatatatactatcgaatcacttgaaag
cacattaccaaatgctgacattattataaatgctttaccagaaacgcaagaaacgattcatttactaaag
aaaaaacattttgaattaatgaaagatgaagcactttttataaatataggacgaggtagcatagttaaag
aagcgctcttaatagaagtattaaaaagtaaagttattcgacatgcatatttagatgtgtttgaaaatga
acctttgaaacctaatcatgaattatatgaattggataatgtaactataacagcgcatataactggtaat
gattatgaagcaaagtatgacttattagatatttttaaaaacaatctagttaattttctcaataagaatg
gtctaattgagaatgaagttgatgctaaaaaaggctattaa
>Potential gene 3:2291..2770, 480 bp
atgttgcaaaaaggagaacaatttccaatatttaaattagaaaatcaagacggaactgtcattacaaatg
atacattaaaaggtaaaaaggcgattatatatttttatcctagagataatacacctacttgtaccacaga
agcttgtgactttagagacaatttagaaatgttcaatgatttagatgttgcagtatatggtataagcggt
gattcaaagaaaaaacaccaaaattttattgagaaacacggattgaatttcgatttattagtagatgaag
attttaaattagctaaagaaactggcgtatatcagttaaaaaaatcatttggcaaagaaagtatgggcat
tgtaagaacgacttttataatagatgaacaaggtaaagtattagatgttatcgagaaggttaaggttaaa
acacaaatagaagaacttaaaaacattttggggtgacatatatgaaagttgttgggttaa
>Potential gene 4:2851..4140, 1290 bp
atgaattttagtgaaagtgaacgtttacaacaactttcaaacgaatatattctaggcggtgtcaattccc
cttctcgttcttataaagctgtaggaggcggtgcacctgttgttatgaaagaaggacacggtgcatattt
atatgatgtcgatggcaataaatttattgattaccttcaagcatacggtccaattattacggggcatgca
catcctcatattactaaagcaattcaagaacaagctgctaaaggtgttttatttggtacaccgactgaat
tagaaattgaattcagcaaaaaattacgtgatgcaattccatctcttgagaaaattcgctttgtaaattc
tggaacagaagcagtcatgacaacaattcgtgttgcacgtgcatatactaaaagaaataaaattataaaa
tttgctggatcttatcatggccattctgatttagtattggttgcagcaggtagcggcccatctcagctcg
gttctccagactcagctggtgttccagaaagcgtcgcacgtgaagtcattactgtacctttcaatgatat
taacgcctataaagaagcaattgaattttggggtgatgaaattgccgcagtattagtagaaccaattgtt
ggtaactttggaatggtaatgcctcaacctggatttttagaagaggttaatgaaatttcacataacaatg
ggaccctagtgatttatgatgaagtaattactgcattccgtttccattacggtgccgctcaagatttatt
aggtgttatccctgatttaactgcatttggtaaaattgttggcggtggtttaccaattggaggctatggt
ggacgtcaagatattatggaacaagtagcacctctaggacctgcatatcaagctggtacaatggctggta
acccgttatctatgaaagcaggtattgcattactcgaagtactagaacaagacggtgtttatgaaaaatt
agacagcttaggccaacaactagaagaaggtttacttaaattaatcgaaaaacataatatcacagctaca
attaatcgtatttatggatctttaacattgtactttacagatgaaaaagtcacacattatgatcaagttg
aacattctgacggcgaagcgttcggtaaatttttcaaattaatgttaaatcaaggtatcaatttagcacc
ttctaagtttgaagcttggttcttaacaactgaacatacagaagaagatattaaacaaactttaaaagct
gcagactatgcttttagtcaaatgaaataa
>Potential gene 5:4382..5527, 1146 bp
atgaatacgaatattagatattcaataaacttaaaaggggcgtcattatttttgagactaggagctcgga
tttttaaaactggtatagccattattttagctatgtctatcgcttctttactaccggatgatgttggtct
gaaagccttagctggtgtcagtgctgttgttgcaatgcaacctagtatttatcgttcatttaaaacagtt
tctgatcaagcattgggtaacattataggtgccatactatctgttacaatggtaacaatttttagtgata
attttatcattatgggtgttaccgtcatagtacttattgctattttatttaaatttaatttagcacatgt
tgctactttggcgagtgtaacagcattaatcattatgggacaacataccggttctttctatattaccgcc
ttttacaggtttgtacttgtaatgattggtgtcataagttcatctctagttaactttgtgtttctaccac
ctaaatttgaaacaaaaatttactataattcattaaatatatcctcagatatttttatgtggtttaaatt
agtattaaatgatacgacggagtttaataatattaaacaagatagtcataatttaaaacaacgtgtcgaa
aagttagagaaaatttatgattactatagcgaagaacgtcctattacaaaaaaacatattcaccaacaga
atagaaagaaaatacttttcagagaagtagttcagacgactagacaagcttatgaagtattaaacaaatt
gtcgcgttatcaaaacgacttatatttacttaataacaatttcctattacaaatcaaattagatttagat
tcattaactgcttttcacgagcaaattttagctagcctttctaaaaaagcacgttataatgtgacacatg
ttgattatgagttagataatccgcagaaaaaagatttattgtccacatttcagcatgagttaataaatca
tccttatcaaacggaatattcgtttgccaatgttatgcaaattgttgcagccatcgaagagtatcgacac
catttagagcatttagaccgcataagaattagctttttcacatatcatagatctgatgcagacattgaaa
ttgttgaagaagactttgatttataa
>Potential gene 6:5718..7454, 1737 bp
atgattaaacgatatttgcaatttgttaagccatacaaatatcgtatttttgcaacgattattgttggga
taattaagtttggtataccaatgcttataccactattaattaaatatgcaatagatggcgtgattaataa
ccacgcactaacgactgatgaaaaagttcatcatttaactattgccattggtatcgcattatttattttt
gtaatagtgagaccaccaattgaatttatacgtcaatatttggcgcaatggacaagtaataaaatattgt
atgatatacgtaaaaagttatacaaccatttacaagctttaagtgcgagattttatgctaataatcaagt
aggtcaagtaatatctagagtgattaatgatgttgaacaaacaaaagatttcattttaaccgggttaatg
aatatttggttagattgtataacaattattattgcactatccataatgttctttttagatgtgaaattga
ctttagcagcactgtttatcttcccattttacattttaacggtgtacgttttctttggaagattaagaaa
attgacacgtgaaagatctcaagcattagctgaggttcaaggattcttgcatgaacgtgttcaaggtatt
tcagtcgttaaaagttttgcgattgaagacaatgaagcgaaaaactttgataaaaagaatactaatttcc
taacacgtgcgttgaaacatacaagatggaatgcctattcctttgccgcaattaatacagttacagatat
tggaccaattattgtcatcggtgttggtgcatatcttgctatttctggatcaatcacagtaggtacactt
gcagcatttgttggatacttagagttattgttcgggcctttacgtcgtttagtcgcatcatttacaactt
taacgcaaagttttgcttcaatggaccgtgtattccaattaattgatgaagattatgacatcaaaaatgg
tgttggtgctcaacctattgaaattaaacaaggtcgtattgatattgatcatgttagttttcaatataac
gataacgaagctccaattttaaaagatattaatttgagtattgaaaaaggagaaacagttgctttcgtag
gtatgagtggtggtggtaaatcaacattaattaacttaataccgagattttacgatgtaacttctgggca
aattttaatagatggtcacaacattaaagattttttaacgggaagtttaagaaatcaaataggattggtg
caacaggataatattttattctctgatacagttaaggaaaatattttacttggtcgtccaacagcaacag
atgaagaagtagttgaagcggcgaaaatggctaatgcacatgactttattatgaacttgccacagggata
tgacactgaagtaggtgaacgaggtgttaaattatcaggtggtcaaaaacaaagattatcgattgctaga
atatttttaaataatccgccaattcttatcttggatgaagcaacaagtgcacttgatttagaaagtgaat
ccattattcaagaagcattagatgtgttgagtaaagatcgaacgacacttatcgtagcgcatcgcttgtc
cactattacacatgctgacaaaattgtcgtaattgaaaatggacatattgttgaaacaggtacgcatcgt
gaattgattgcaaaacaaggtgcttacgagcatttatatagcattcaaaacttataa
>Potential gene 7:7745..8287, 543 bp
atggtcagagaatccatacctaaagaaggggaaaacattaaaattcagagttataaacatgatggtaaga
ttcatcgcgtttggtctgaaacaacaatattaaagggtactgatcatgttgtcattggtggaaatgatca
tacgttagtgactgaaagtgacggaagaacttggataacacgtgaaccggcaattgtttactttcactca
gaatattggtttaatgttatctgcatgtttagagaagatggaatttattactattgcaatttgtcatcac
catttgtttgtgatgaagaggcattaaaatatatagactatgatttagatattaaagtatatccaaacgg
aaagtatcatttattagatgaagatgaatatgagcaacatatgaatcaaatgaattatccgcatgatatt
gatattattttaagacgcaacgtggacattcttcaacaatggatagaacagaagaagggcccattcgcgc
cagattttatcaaagtttggaaagaacgttacaaaaaaattagacagtattaa
>Potential gene 8:8589..9626, 1038 bp
atgtatcagcagtctagttttaaagaaaatttgatacactggtttgatgaaaatcaaagagaaatgccat
ggcgacaaacgaccaatccgtactatatttggttaagtgaggtcatgttacaacagacacaagttaaaac
agttattgactattatcatcgttttgttgaacgatttccaactgtggaagttttgagtcaagcttcggaa
gatgaagtgttaaagtattgggaaggcttaggatattatagtagagctcgaaattttcatacggcgatta
aagaagttcatgataaatatgaaggcttagttcccaaagatcctgatcaatttaaagcgttaaaaggtgt
tggcccatacacacaagctgcagtaatgagcattgcatataatgtaccactagcaactgtagacggaaat
gtttttcgagtatggtctagattgaatgatgactatcgagatattaaattacaatcgacgaggaaatcgt
acgaacaagaattattaccgtatgttactacagaagctggaacgtttaatcaagctatgatggaattagg
ggcgttaatttgtacaccaaaaaatccattatgcttattttgtccagttcaagaaaactgtgaggcattt
gataaaggtacatttgaaaagttacctgttaaatctaaaaatgtaagtaaaaaagtaattgagcaatccg
tctttttaattagaaataatcaaggtcaatatctgttgcaaaagcgtagcgaaaaattattgcatggtat
gtggcaatttcctatgtttgaaagtgagcatgctagacgtaaaatgactgaaaaaatcggtcatgacatt
caaccagtagaaacacctatttttgagttgaagcatcaatttactcatttaacatggaagattaaagtat
acgccgtttcaggagcaattaacattgaaacattaccagatgacatgatttggtttgatttaagtgatcg
agatcaatatacattccctgtacctatgtcaaagatttatcaatttataaatgggtaa
>Potential gene 9:9778..10755, 978 bp
atggacactgcaacacatatcgcaattggggtgggccttacagcacttgcaactcaagatccagcaatgg
cttctacgtttggtgcaacagctacaacccttatcgttggttcattaattcctgatggggatactgttct
taaattaaaggacaatgcaacatatatttcgcatcatagaggtatcacgcattccatccctttcacaata
ctatggccaattttaattacatttttaatattcacgttctttagtggaaccaacccatttcatgtatgga
tgtgggctcagctcgcagtatttttacatgtctttgtagatatattcaattcttatggtacacaagcgct
tagacctatcacaaacaaatggattcaattaagtgtgattaacacatttgaccctattattttcacagtt
ctttgtattggtattgtattatgggttataggcttgcatccatttgcagtcttctttcctataatcgctt
tactaatcatttattacatgattcgttttaaaatgagagccgtaattaagcaacaagctttaaaagcaat
tcaacaagagcatcaccctgttaaagtatttgttgcgccaacaataaaatttatggaatggcgtgtcgcg
atacaaactgatgcacatgactatgttggaaaagcatatggtaggaatgtggtgtttagtgataaagtgg
aacgtcaaacattatcaacagactccattttatggaaagtcaaaggtaataaagatatacgtactttttt
aaacttttcatcaatctatcgttggcaaacaacaacgttagcagatggttctactgaaattcgtttgatt
gatttgcgttatttaaaaaatgatcattattcatttgtggcaattgcacatgtaacaaacgataatgtca
tagaccactcttatattggctgggtatttacagaagataagttacaacgtaaactgtatgctaaataa
>Potential gene 10:10896..11882, 987 bp
atggatttatattgaattgtaggtgtaaagatgctagataatattattttatattttaaaaacttaccgc
atactaaaaggtatgtaacagaacgtttaaaacaaagttggaaaagttttctaatcgtattagctgcatg
tttaatacttattattgcaagtgaaacgctattttcctttagtcatttgaccgatgttaaagaggtgaga
tggttatttagaatcattgtattgattgtttttgcggtagtgatgttcacaatttatatctcttatcatc
attatatgaatgactttttagttactaagttatttaatatttccgcagcgacgccagtagttattatgtc
tattttaagttttattatgctagtcattttgacgatgattagtgcattggttaaaccagtaaacttcgaa
acatcatatatagcgctattctattttattgtgatggcaactatttttgtaggattaatatccgttactt
ttggtcttattcgactgttaactgaaaaaataaatatcatattttatggggtttgtgtattgtgtttctt
attgttaccaattattttcataccaaatccaaatcatgtatttatcaatcacatcctaatgctaaatcca
atgtattacattgttaatggtatagcacaatctatcatatttggtatatcaagtatggaaaacattccat
atcatttttactttattttattcttatgtttaatagctgcagtaaatttcgtattagcaaggtatacgac
acacgcaatttataataaaacatctaaagtgacacaaactgataatcaacaggatgtttcaaatgatagt
acagacgaggcggatacttcttcatgatgtttagctgacctgttgtgtaaattaatctgtgagaatcaga
aacaattagaatatcatctagatattgttttcctatactgattttgatatttcgagtcattaaaggtagt
ttgttag
>Potential gene 11:11861..13378, 1518 bp
atgggaagttcaattgttttaaagttactaaaagtaacacactactataggaataaacagaataagaaat
ggtatttaccttttggatatgatgctgaagatatcgatttaaacaatattagtttacatatttatcaagg
agaagcattaggtataattggtgaacctgaatcttccaaagcgttggtaggtcaattgttggcaggtgca
attaaacctgataaaggtaaagtagtttgtactgaagatttgttctacggatatattgaagatcaatcgt
taattcatcaaactgttgaagcttatacagcgcagttagttcaactatttccatatgaaattaatgatca
taaagctgaacagattattcaatatgcacatttaggtgattataaaacgaagccggttaaccatatttcg
aaagcggcatacgctcaattactattaagtattgcacgctcatcaaaatcaaatattattattttaaatc
atgttattgactatttaacaccacaatttatggaacgtgcgattgaattaacaaatgattatattgaaaa
taatttaacgattgtgtcaattggtgatgatattgataaaatttcacaagtgagtaactacatagcttgg
ttttcacatggtcaattaagaatggaagggtcacttaaacaagttattccatcttttaaagaacatgaac
gtgatcgattaagtctaaactcaaaagaagaaattgaaaactttgatttagattggaaaaagaatcgtac
aagaataccagagatgacctataatttcaaacgtgttgagcgctataatcatgcaaaaccgcctaagttt
ttagtgcgtttttggactttggcctcaggtactattttaggcttagcattgatgatgttgctcattttca
ataatataggaattatttcgataacagattttacgaatcgtgctacgatgcaaaatgaaaataaagatcc
atatggcgaaaagttagcttatggaattgcttttaatggcagtgtggatatgcaaggggataaacaagtc
acaattccaaaatatagtgtagttacaattactggcgaaaatagtaaaaattatcgtgttaccgccgata
ataagacttactatgttagtaaagataaattagaatattttaacccggcaggtttatatcaaacgcatag
ttttaaaaaattagcaccatatatgaaatcaaattatagtaattactatgcatactttaatagtcaatta
cataaaaagcatagttcagttataaaaactttagttcctgatgatgataaccgtttcgttgcatccgtta
cacaacaaccgatacaattacttttcaatgataataatcagttatacggttttgtttatccaattgtaga
taaaaaagaattaaaagataagtttaatattaacaataacatttggattactaaagttgggaatggatat
tgtattgccaatttgaaagaagacaaatggatttatattgaattgtag
>Potential gene 12:13393..13707, 315 bp
atggaacagaagaaattgagtgagatgtctgagccagaattaagacacgaaatacaactttataaagaga
aaatgagaaaagctgagatgaatggtattttaaatgaatatgacgtttatcaaagtaaagtaattgttgc
cgaaagttacttagtagacagaaaaaagatagaaattggtaaaatttataaactgactgatggcagtaat
caatattttaaagtagaaagattaaaaggtatttttgcgtgggggtttagatttaatagcgatgaacccg
aagaaggattacctatagcgttattacaattatag
>Potential gene 13:13643..14425, 783 bp
atgggtatagatattgatacattagtcaaatttaatttaaaaaaagggcaacaacttgaagctgctgaca
tggcagagattcaaaagtatgatcattatcgcataggtttaaataaagcaatccaatatttatcatataa
aaagagaactgaaaaagaagttatacaatatttacaaaaagaagagatatcagagcaagcgatttctgaa
gtgattgaatattgttatcgcgaaaagttaatcgaccatcaagattatgcggaaagtttaaaaaatacaa
tgattcgcacgacagataaaggacctaaaatttatcaacaaaaactatatcaacttggtatagaaccaaa
tatcattgaaatatttacagaactttatagagaacaacaggaacttgatgatattatccaaattgctgaa
aaaatatctaaaacaaaaaaagggccacaaaataaagttaaagaaaaagtaatgcaatctttaattcaaa
aagggtttgaaatggaaaccattcatgctgtattgaatgaaatggattttacacaagatgaagcggtttt
agacgatttattacaacgagatttagaaaaaatttataataaaaatcgaaagaagtacacgcaacagaaa
ttaatttcaaaaactatcgaaggccttatgagaaaaggatataaatatgataaaattaaagctaaattag
aagaaagtggtattgccgatggaacagaagaaattgagtgagatgtctgagccagaattaagacacgaaa
tacaactttataa
>Potential gene 14:14764..15573, 810 bp
atgaaaagaagcgataggtactcaaactcaaatgaacattttgagcatatgaaacacgaacctcactata
atacgtattatcaaccagttggcaaaccgccgaaaaagaaaaaaagtaaacgaatactattaaaaatatt
attaaccattctaatcattatcgcattgtttattggtatcatgtattttttatctacacgcgataatgtg
gatgaactaagaaaaattgaaaataaaagtagttttgtgtcagctgataacatgccagagtatgttaaag
gtgcctttatttcaatggaagatgaacgattctacaatcatcatggattcgatttgaaaggtacaactag
agctttattttcaacgattagcgacagagatgtgcaaggtggtagtaccattacacaacaagttgtcaaa
aattatttttatgataatgatcgttcatttactagaaaagtaaaagaattatttgtagctcatcgagttg
aaaaacaatataataagaacgaaattttaagcttttatttaaataatatttactttggggataatcaata
tacgcttgagggcgcagcaaaccattactttggaacaaccgtgaataaaaatagtacaacaatgtctcac
ataacagttttacaaagcgctattttagctagtaaagtcaatgcacctagcgtatataatatcaataata
tgtcagagaattttacgcaacgtgtaagcacgaacttagaaaaaatgaagcaacaaaattatatcaatga
aacacaatatcaacaggctatgtcacaattaaatcgttaa
>Potential gene 15:15914..16429, 516 bp
atgactaaaaaagtagcaattattctagcaaacgaatttgaagatatagaatattcaagccctaaagagg
cattagagaatgcaggctttaatactgtagtgattggagatactgcaaatagtgaagttgttggtaaaca
cggtgaaaaagttactgtcgatgtaggcattgcagaagctaaaccagaagattatgatgcattattaatt
cctggaggattttcaccagatcatttacgtggagatacagaaggtcgatatggcacatttgctaaatact
ttactaaaaatgatgtaccaacatttgccatttgtcatgggccacaaatactaatagatacagacgattt
aaaaggtcgtacgttaacagcagtattaaatgtacgcaaagatttatcaaatgcaggcgcacatgtagtt
gatgagtcagtagttgtagacaacaatattgtaacaagtcgagtaccagacgatttagatgattttaatc
gagaaatcgttaaacaattacaatag
>Potential gene 16:16852..17121, 270 bp
atgataccatttttgataccattttgttgtaaaacagaaaaaataaggaaaataaaaaaggcaaaaaaac
gcattaaatcaacgtttattgtctcatgaaatttaaatgtatataaatttcacttcccatggatcattgt
aaatgctaacaggttgcttcaatttgacgctattcatcgtcttaaacttccttctttctatttggttcat
atcggtatgataccacttcgtattatcactcgtaacaaattatctcttaattttagttaa
>Potential gene 17:17303..17695, 393 bp
atgctgttactaaattataccaccacacaaacctactcccattcaggaacacagagctttgtcgctcgtc
agcaacgtcatatgaattctcagttcatgttgtggtgacactttaaacggtctgtgccagtagcgaccga
gtcatttcaagaatgaccatttcacatttatattataacacttgtcgtgcgtaactgtatagtttttcag
ttgtatttaaagttaagttatctacttcgcgctttccttgccttaattgtgaaattacatattgcgctac
gccagtttgtttgtgaatttggtaacctgttatatcacttttgatcaattcaattatttttaatttataa
tcactcatattatctacgtccattctttttatctaaacaataa
>Potential gene 18:17475..17675, 201 bp
atggacgtagataatatgagtgattataaattaaaaataattgaattgatcaaaagtgatataacaggtt
accaaattcacaaacaaactggcgtagcgcaatatgtaatttcacaattaaggcaaggaaagcgcgaagt
agataacttaactttaaatacaactgaaaaactatacagttacgcacgacaagtgttataa
>Potential gene 19:18238..19764, 1527 bp
atgatacatcacaacctttcacagacgcctctaacgatgttggctttgatgtgaatgagtatcatcatgg
aggtggcgacaatgcaagcaaaactaactaaaaaagagtttatagagtggttgaaaacatctgagggaaa
acaatataatgcggacggatggtatggatttcaatgctttgactatgccaatgcaggttggcaagtctta
tttggctacaacttaaaaggtgtaggtgccaaagacatcccaagtgctaatgattttaacggactagcta
ctgtataccaaaatacaccagacttcttagcgcaacctggcgacatggttgtattcggtagtaattatgg
tgcaggatacggtcatgttgcatgggtaattgaagcaactttagattatatcattgtatatgagcagaat
tggctcggcggtggctggacagacggtgtacaacaacctggctctggttgggaaaaagttacaagacgcc
aacacgcttacgacttccctatgtggtttatccgtcctaacttcaaaagcgaaacagctccacgatcagt
acaatctcctacgcaagcatctaaaaaggaaacggctaagccacaacctaaagcggtagaacttaaaatc
atcaaagatgtggttaaaggttatgacctacctaagcgtggtagtaaccctaagtttatagttattcaca
acgacgcaggaagcaaaggagcaacagcagaagcatatcgtaatggattagttaacgcgccattatcgag
actagaggcaggtattgcgcatagttacgtatcaggtaacacagtttggcaagccttagatgaatctcaa
gtaggttggcatacagcgaatcaaataggtaataaatatggttacggtattgaagtgtgtcaatcaatgg
gagcagataatgcgacgtttttaaaaaatgaacaggcgactttccaagaatgtgctagattgttgaaaaa
atggggattaccagcaaaccgtaacacaatccgattacacaacgaattcacttcaacatcatgcccacac
agaagctcagtattgcacactggttttgatccagtaactcgcggtctattgccagaagacaagcggttgc
aacttaaagactactttatcaagcagattagggcgtacatggatggtaaaataccggttgccactgtctc
taatgagtcaagcgcttcaagtaatacagttaaaccagttgcaagtgcatggaaacgtaataaatatggt
acttactacatggaagaaagtgctagattcacaaacggcaatcaaccaatcacagtaagaaaagtggggc
cattcttatcttgtccagtgggttatcagttccaacctggtggatattgtgattatacagaagtgatgtt
acaagatggtcatgtttgggtaggatatacatgggaggggcaacgttattacttgcctattagaacatgg
aatggttctgccccacctaatcagatattgggtgacttatggggagaaatcagttag
>Potential gene 20:19664..20194, 531 bp
atgtttattcaggatctccgacattgaccattgaataattttaaacgactaatttttagtcgttttttta
ttttggataaaaggagcaaacaaatggatattaactggaaattgagattcaaaaacaaagcagtactaac
tagtttagttggagcattgttgctatttatcaagcaagtcacggatttattcggattagatttatctact
caattaaatcaagctagcgcaattataggcgctatcctcacgttacttacaggtattggcgttattactg
acccaacgtcaaaaggcgtctcagattcatctatagcacagacatatcaagcgcctagagatagcgataa
agaagaacaacaagttacgtggaaatcatcacaagacagcagtttaacgccggaattaagcacgaaagca
ccaaaagaatatgatacatcacaacctttcacagacgcctctaacgatgttggctttgatgtgaatgagt
atcatcatggaggtggcgacaatgcaagcaaaactaactaa
>Potential gene 21:20157..20552, 396 bp
atggaaggtaattttaaaaatgtaaagaaacttatttacgaaggcgaagaatatacaaaagtatatgctg
gaaatatccaagtatggaaaaagccttcatattttgtaataaaacccttacctaaaaataaatatccgga
tagcatagaagaatcaacagcaaaatggacaataaatggagttgaacctaataaaagttatcaggtgaca
atagaaaatgtacgtagcggtataatgaggatttcgcaaactaatttaggttcaagtgaattaggaatat
caggagtcaatagcggagttgcaagtaaaaatatcaactttagtaatccttcggggacgttgtatgtcac
tataagtgatgtttattcaggatctccgacattgaccattgaataa
>Potential gene 22:20528..21730, 1203 bp
atgtacaaaataaaagatgttgaaacgagaataaaaaatgatggtgttgacttaggtgacattggctgtc
gattttacactgaagatgaaaatacagcatctataagaataggtatcaatgacaaacaaggtcgtatcga
tctaaaagcacacggcttaacacctagattacatttgtttatggaagatggctctatattcaaaaatgag
ccccttattatcgatgatgttgtaaaaggattcattacctacaagatacctaaaaaggttatcaaacacg
ctggttatgttcgctgtaagctgtttttagagaaagaagaagaaaaaatacatgtcgcgaacttttcttt
caatatcgttgatagtggtattgaatctgctgtagcaaaagaaatcgatgttaaattggtagatgatgct
attacgagaatcttaaaagataacgcgacagatttattgaacaaagactttaaagagaaaatagataaag
atgtcatttcttacatcgaaaagaatgaaagtagatttaaaggtgcgaaaggtgataaaggcgaaccggg
acaacctggtgcaaaaggtgaagcaggtaaaaaaggagaacaaggcgcacccggtaaaaacggtactgta
gtatcaatcaatcctgacactaaaatgtggcaaattgacggtaaagatacagatatcaaagcagaacctg
agttattggataaaatcaatatcgcaaatgttgaagggttagaagataaattgcaagaagttaaaaaaat
ccaagatacaactctcaacgactctaaaacgtatacggattcaaaaattgctgaactagttgatagcgcg
cctgaatctatgaacacattaagagaattagcagaagcaatacaaaacaactctatttcagaaagtgtat
tgcaacagattggctcaaaagttagtgcagaagattttgaggaattcaaacaaacactaaatgatttata
cgctccaaaaaatcataatcatgacgagcggtatgttttgtcatctcaagcttttactaaacaacaagcg
gataatttatatcaactaaaaagcgcatctcaaccgacggttaaaatttggacaggaacagaaaatgaat
ataactatatatatcaaaaagaccctaatacactttacttaattaaggggtgatttttatggaaggtaat
tttaaaaatgtaa
>Potential gene 23:21743..23641, 1899 bp
atgggattacctaatccaaagactagaaagcctacagctagtgaagtggttgaatgggcgttatatatcg
ctaaaaacaaaatagctattgatgtacctggttctggaatgggagcacaatgctgggatttacctaatta
tttactcgataaatattgggggtttagaacatggggaaatgctgatgctatggctcaaaaatccaattat
agaggtagagatttcaagataattagaaatacaaaagattttgtaccacaaccaggcgactggggtgttt
ggactggtggttgggcaggacatgtaaacattgtagtgggaccatgcacaaaagactattggtatggcgt
agatcaaaactggtatacaaataacgcaacaggaagtccgccatataaaattaagcactcttatcatgat
ggaccaggtggaggggttaaatattttgttagaccaccatatcatccggagaaatctacgccggcaccta
aacccgaagatgatagtgatgataacgaaaaaaataataaaaaagttccaatttggaaagatgtaacaac
tataaagtacacaatttctagccaagaagttaattatccggaatatatttatcactttatagtagagggt
aatcgacgactcgaaaaacctaaagggataatgattagaaatgctcaaacaatgagttcagtagaaaatt
tatataacagtaggaagaaatacaaacaagatgtggaatatccccacttttatgttgatagacataatat
ttgggcacctagaagagctgtatttgaagttcctaatgaacctgattatatagttatagacgtatgtgaa
gattatagtgcgagtaaaaatgaatttatttttaatgagattcacgcaatggttgtagctgtagatatga
tggccaaatatgagatacctctaagtattgaaaatttaaaagtagacgacagcatttggcgttctatgtt
ggaacatgttaattggaatatgattgacaacggtgttgcccctaaagataaatacgaagcattagaaaag
gcattacttaatatatttaaaaacagagaaaaattattaaattctataactaaaccaacagtaacaaaat
ctagaataaaagttatggtagataataaaaacgctgatatagcgaatgtaagagactcatcaccaacagc
taacaatggctcggcatctaaacaaccgcagattataactgaaacgagcccttatacattcaaacaagca
ctggataaacaaatggcaagaggtaacccgaaaaaatctaatgcttggggctgggctaacgctacacgag
ctcaaacgggctcggcaatgaatgttaaacgaatatgggaaagtaacacgcagtgctaccaaatgcttaa
tttaggcaagtatcaaggcgtttcagttagttcgcttaataagatacttaaaggtaaggggacattgaat
aatcaaggtaaagcgttcgcagaagcttgtaaaaagcacaacattaatgaaatttatttaatcgcgcatg
ctttcttagaaagtggatatggaacaagtaacttcgctaacggaaaagatggagtatacaactacttcgg
cattggcgcttacgacaacaatcctaactacgcaatgacgtttgctaggaataaaggttggacatctcca
gcaaaagcaatcatgggcggtgctagcttcgtaagaaaggattacatcaacaaagggcaaaacacattgt
accgaattagatggaatcctaaaaatccagctacacatcaatatgctactgctatagagtggtgccaaca
tcaagcaagtacaatcgctaagctatataaaaaaatcggcttaaaaggtatctactttataagagataaa
tataaataa
>Potential gene 24:23778..24077, 300 bp
atgtttggttttaccaaacgacatgaacaagattggcgtttaacgcgattagaagaaaatgataagacta
tgtttgaaaaattcgacagaatagaagatagtcttagagcgcaagaaaagatttatgacaaattagatag
aaattttgaagaattaaagcgcgacaaggtagaagatgaaaagaataaagaaaagaatgccaagaatatt
agagacataaaaatgtggattctcggtttggtagggactatcttcagtacgatcgtcatagctttactaa
gaactatttttggtatttaa
>Potential gene 25:24295..24672, 378 bp
atgaaaatcacagtaaacgataaaaacgaagttatcggatacgttaatactggcggattacgcaatagtt
tagatgtagatgataacaatgtgcctattaaatttaaagaagagttcgaacctagaaagtttgttttcac
taacggcgaaattaaatacaatagcaatttcgaaaaagaagacgtaccgaatgcatcaaaacaacaaagt
gaatcagatttgagtgatgaagaacttcgcggaatggttgcaagtatgcaaatgcagatgacgcaagtga
acatgttgacaatgcaattgacgcaacaaaacgctatgttaacacaacagttgaccgaactgaaaactaa
caaaacaaatactgagggggacgtttaa
>Potential gene 26:24389..24703, 315 bp
atgttcacttgcgtcatctgcatttgcatacttgcaaccattccgcgaagttcttcatcactcaaatctg
attcactttgttgttttgatgcattcggtacgtcttctttttcgaaattgctattgtatttaatttcgcc
gttagtgaaaacaaactttctaggttcgaactcttctttaaatttaataggcacattgttatcatctaca
tctaaactattgcgtaatccgccagtattaacgtatccgataacttcgtttttatcgtttactgtgattt
tcattatttccaccccacaattttatttatcgtaa
>Potential gene 27:24672..26495, 1824 bp
atggtagtagataatttttcaaaagatgataacttaatcgagttaaaaacaacatcacaatataatccag
ttattgacacaaacatcagtttctatgaatcagatagaggaactggtgttttaaattttgcagtaactaa
gaataacagaccgttatctataagttctgaacatgttaaaacttccatcgtgttaaaaaccgatgattat
aacgtagatagaggcgcttatatttcagacgaattaacggtagtagacgcaattaatgggcgcttgcaat
atgtgattccaaatgaatttttaaaacattcaggtaaggtacatgctcaggcattcttcacgcaacacgg
gagtaacaacgtagttgttgaacgtcaatttagtttcaatattgaaaatgatttagtcagtgggtttgat
ggcataacaaagcttgtttatatcaaatctattcaagatactatcgaagctgtcggtaaagactttaacc
aattaaagcaaaatatggctgatacacaaacgttaatagcaaaagtgaatgatagtgcgacaaaaggcat
tcaacaaatcgaaatcaagcaaaacgaagctatacaagctattactgcgactcaaactagtgcaacacaa
gctgttacagctgaattcaataaaatagttgaaaaggagcaaacgatatttgcgcgtgtcaatgaagttg
agcaacaaatcaatggtgctgaccttgtcaaaggcaactcgacagtcaattggcaaaagtctaagattac
tgatgattatggcaaagcgattgaatcgtctgagcagtccatagatagcgttttaagcacagttaacaca
tctaggattattcatattactaacgcaacagatgcgccagaaaagacggatataggcacgttagagaagc
ctggacaagatggtgttgatgacggttcttcgttcgatgaatcaacttatacatcaagcaaatctggtgt
gttagttgtttatgttgttgataataatactgctcgtgcaacatggtacccagatgattcaaacgatgag
tacacaaaatacaaaatctacggcacgtggtacccgttttataaaaagaatgatggaaacttaactaagc
aatttgttgaagaaatatctaacaacgctttaaatcaagctaaacagtatgtagatggtaagtttcaaag
tacaagttggcaacaacataaattaacagaacataacggtcaatcaatccaaaagaacttatataacgcc
aaaggtaatttagaagcattgggcgctgggaattattacgtaacaagtgtacctgatttaccaggtattg
ttgaaagttacgaaggctacttatcagtatttgttaaagatgatgcaaataagttattcaacttcacacc
ttcaaactctaaaaaagtttatacacgatcaatcaccaatggtcgattagattcacaatgggctgcacct
aacgaacataaaacagccgtgttattcgacggtgctgcaaacggtgtaggaacaaggattaatttaaccg
aagcttatacaaattatgcaattctattcataagcggtacttatccaggtggtgttattgaagcattcag
tttaacctctataccaaatgcgattcaattaagtaaaacaaatgtagttgactcagacggtaacggtggt
ggtagttatgaatgcttaataactaaagaaagtggtacgacgttaaaaatcgataacgatgtgtaccttg
atttaggcagtaaaacaggttctggtgctaatgcaaacagagttacgataaataaaattgtggggtggaa
ataa
>Potential gene 28:26495..28405, 1911 bp
atggataacaaattaattacagacttaagtagagtctttgactacagatatgtagatgaaaatgagtata
actttaaacttatttcagacatgctgacggattttaatttctctcttgaataccatagaaataaagaggt
atttgcacataatggagagcaaataaagtatgagcatttaaatgtcacaagtagcgtctctgatttttta
acgtatctaaacggccgtttcagcaatatggtactaggtcataacggcgacggtatcaacgaagtaaaag
acgcgcgtgttgataatactggttatgatcataagacattgcaagatcgtttgtatcatgattattcaac
actagatactttcactaaaaaggttgagaaagctgtagatgaacactataaagaatatcaagcgacagaa
taccgatttgaaccaaaagagcaagaaccggaattcatcacagatttatcgccatatactaacgcagtaa
tgcaatcattttggatagaccctagaacgaaaattatttatatgacacaagcgcgtccgggcaatcatta
catgttatctagattgaagcctaatggacaatttattgatagattgcttgttaaaaacggcggtcacggt
acacacaatgcgtatagatacattgatggagaattatggatttattcagctgtattggacagtaacaaaa
acaacaagtttgtacgtttccaatatagaactggagaaataacttatggtaatgaaatgcaagacgtcat
gccgaatatatttaacgacagatatacgtcagcgatttataatcctatagaaaatttaatgattttcaga
cgtgaatataaagcttctgaaagacaagctaagaattcattgaatttcattgaagtaagaagtgctgacg
atattgataaaggtatagacaaagtattgtatcaaatggatatacctatggaatacacttcagatacaca
acctatgcaaggtatcacttatgatgcaggtatcttatattggtatacaggtgattcgaatacagccaac
cctaattacttacaaggcttcgatgtcaaaacaaaagagttattatttaaacgtcgtatcgatataggcg
gtgtgaataacaactttaaaggagatttccaagaggctgagggtctagatatgtattacgatctagaaac
aggacgtaaagcacttttaattggggtaactattggaccaggtaacaacagacatcactcaatttattct
atcggtcaaagaggtgtaaaccaattcttaaaaaacattgcacctcaagtatcaatgactgattcaggcg
gacgtgttaaaccgttaccgatacagaacccagcatatctaagtgatattacggaagttggtcattacta
tatctatacgcaagacacacaaaatgcgttagatttcccgttaccgaaagcgtttagagatgcaggttgg
ttctttgatgtactgcctggtcattataatggtgcgttaagacaagtactaactagaaacagcacaggta
gaaatatgctcaaatttgaacgtgttatcgacatctttaacaagaaaaacaacggttcatggaattttaa
cccacaaagtgctggttattgggaacatatccctaagagcatcacgaaattgtctgatttaaaaattgtt
ggtttagacttctatatcaccactgaagaatcaaaacgtttttctgacttccctaaagattacaaaggta
ttgcaggctgggtgttagaagtaaaatcaaatacaccgggtaacacaacacaagtgctaagacgtaataa
ctttgcttctgctcaccagtttttcgttagaaactttggtactggtggtaatagtggttggagcataata
gaaggtaaggaggttgaataa
>Potential gene 29:28398..28613, 216 bp
atgtcaatgctcagatattggcttgtagtgaattggatgtaccagtatatgatgcctatcatacagatta
ttttaagccatataatccagcgttcagaaaatcaagtatgccagacggattgcatccgaacgagaggggt
catgaagttattatgtacgaacttattaaaaattattaccagttttacggatagaaaaggaggaagacat
ggataa
>Potential gene 30:28420..30321, 1902 bp
atgacgataactgttaaaccacctaaaggcaatggcgcacccataccagtagaaacaactttagtgaaaa
aagttaatgctgacggtgtattaacttttgatattctcgaaaacaaatacacttatgaagttattaacgc
tatagggaaaagatggattgttagtcatgtcgaaggtgaaaatgacaagaaagaatatgtaataactgtc
attgataggaaatcagaaggcgacagacaactggttgaatgtactgctagagagattcctatagacaagt
taatgattgataggatttatgttaatgtaacaggatcttttacagtagaaagatattttaacattgtgtt
tcaaggtactggaatgctttttgaagtcgaaggtaaggttaagtcttcgaagtttgaaaatggtggtgaa
ggcgacacaaggttagaaatgtttaaaaaggggttagaacatttcggtttagaatataaaataacgtatg
acaaaaagaaagacagatataagtttgtattgacgccttttgcaaatcaaaaagcgtcttattttatttc
tgatgaagtcaacgccaacgctataaaactcgaggaagatgcaagtgatttcgccaccttcattagagga
tatggtaattattcaggagaagaaacattcgaacacgctgggctcgtaatggaagctagaagtgcattag
ctgaaatatacggcgacatccacgcagaaccatttaaagatggtaaagtgactgaccaagaaactatgga
taaagaattacaatcgagattgaaaaagtcgttaaaacaatctttgtctttggactttttggtgttaaga
gaatcatatccagaagcagacccacaacccggagacatagtacaaataaaatctaccaaactaggtttga
atgatttagtccgtatagtacaagttaaaacgattaggggtataaacaatgtaattgttaagcaagatgt
aacgcttggtgagtttaatcgagaacaacgatatatgaaaaaagttaatactgcagctaactatgtttct
ggattaaatgatgttaacctttctaatcctagtaaagcggcagaaaacttgaagtctaaagtagcgtcaa
tagctaaatcaacactcgatttgatgagtagaactgatctaattgaagacaaacaacagaaagtgagttc
taagactgtaactacatcagatggcactatcgttcatgattttatagataaatcaaacattaaagatgta
aaaacaattggaacgattggcgattctgtagctagaggatcacatgcgaaaactaatttcacagaaatgt
taggcaagaagttaaaagctaaaacgaccaaccttgcaagaggtggcgcaacaatggcaacagttccaat
aggtaaagaagcggtagaaaacagcatttatagacaagcagagcaaataagaggagacctaatcatatta
caaggtacagatgatgactggttacatggttattgggcaggcgtaccgataggcactgataaaaccgaca
ctaaaacgttttacggcgccttttgttctgcaattgaagttatcaggaaaaataatccagcttcaaaaat
acttgtaatgacagctactaggcaatgccctatgagtggtacaacgatacgccgtaaagatacggacaaa
aacaaactagggttaactttagaggattatgtcaatgctcagatattggcttgtagtgaattggatgtac
cagtatatgatgcctatcatacagattattttaagccatataatccagcgttcagaaaatcaagtatgcc
agacggattgcatccgaacgagaggggtcatgaagttattatgtacgaacttattaaaaattattaccag
ttttacggatag
>Potential gene 31:30330..31277, 948 bp
atggacatagaattaacaaaaaaagatggtactgtaatcaaattaagtgaatacgggtttatcgttaacg
atatagtaattgatagcatgcaaatcaacacaaagtatcaagacaaagaaaatatgaacggtcgcatatt
aatggggagcaattatatcagtagagatatagttgttccttgtttttgtaaagtaaaaaatcgttcagac
attgcttatatgcgagatatgttgtattcgttaactactgatatagaaccaatgtatttacgtgaaatca
gaagaaaagaagagttgaattacaggtttactcaaccaacttctgatgattacgtgaaattagataaaaa
caacttcccggattatgaatattcaagacacgatcaacaaatttatgtaaacggtaaacagtataaagtt
atttttagcggagttataaatcctaaacaaaaaggtaacaaagttgctttcgaattgaagtttgaaacta
cagaattaccatacggcgaaagtattggaacaagcctagagttagaagaaaacaaaaaggttggattgtg
gtcgtttgattttaatattgattggcatgcaggtggggataagcgccagtatacatttgaaaatgttagc
aaagatacagtttactatcatggtagtgctcctaacgaccaattcaacatgtataaaaagataacaatta
ttttgggcgaagatacagaatcgtttgtatggaatttaacgcatgctgaaataatgaaaatcgaaggtat
caaactaaaagctggagacaaaattgtttatgatagcttccgagtttataaaaacggtgttgaaataagt
accgaaacgaacatagcccaaccaaaatttaaatacggagctaataaattcgaatttaaccaaacagttc
aaaaggttcagttcgatttgaaattttattataagtag
>Potential gene 32:31290..34022, 2733 bp
atggggaatttagctaatatgttccgtgtgttcggtactgtaggttctaatatggttggtggattactta
catcatcttttagtatcttaatacctgtaatagcgagcgtagtacctgtagtatttgcgctattaaacgc
tatcaaagtgttaactggtggtgtacttgctttaggtggtgccgtagcaatagcgggagcaggatttgta
gcgtttggcgcaatggctatcagcgctataaagatgcttaatgatggcactttacaagctagctcagcaa
caaacgaatacaaaaaagcgttagatggcgtaaagtcagcatggactgatattataaagcaaaatcaatc
cgctatcttcacaactcttgcaaatggtttaaatactgttaaaactgcaatgcagagcttacaaccgttt
tttagtggtatttcaagaggaatggaagaagcgtctcaaagcgtgcttaaatgggctgaaaatagcagtg
tagcttcaagattctttaatatgatgaatacaacgggtgtttcggtatttaacaagctattaagtgctgc
aggtgattttggtgacggattagtcaatgtattcacgcaattagcaccactgtttcaatggtcggctgat
tggttggatagattaggtcaatctttctctaactgggctaatagtgcagctggagaaaattcgataactc
gttttattgaatacacaaaaacaaacttacctatcattggtaatattttcaaaaatgttttcgttggaat
taacaatttgatgaatgcattcagcggatcatcaactggcatattccaatctcttgaacaaatgacagct
aagtttagggaatggtctgaacaagtaggacaatctcaagggtttaaagactttgtcagttatatacaaa
caaatggaccactaataatgcaattgattggaaacatcgcaagaggattagttgcattcgcaacagcaat
ggctcctatagctagtgcagtattacgcgttgcagttgcaataactggttggatagctaacttgtttgag
gcgcatccagctacagcacaattagttggtgtcattataactttagttggtgcatttagatttttaatac
cgattattcttgctgtatctaactttatgggtggcggattaataggtagaatcattgcattagtaagtaa
gttcggtttattaagagcgggattaacaattttaaaaggtgcgttcatgttattaaaaggaccattaaaa
attatatcagttatattccaattgttattcggtaagattggattaattagaaatgctatcacaggactag
taactgtgtttggtattttaggtggtccaataacaatagtaattggtgtaatcgctgcattaatagctat
atttgttttattgtggaataaaaatgaaggattcagaaactttattataaatgcttggaatgcgataaaa
acatttatggttacagtttggaatgtgttgaaaactgtagcttcggttgtatggaatgctattttaaaag
ctatcactacagcagtatcaaatgtatacaattttataatgattatttggaatcaaatagttgcttattt
gcaagggctatggaatggaattatcgctattgcaacaacagtatggaaccttttagttacaatcatcaca
actgttttcacgacgataatgacaatagttatgacgatatggacagctattcggacattcttaagtacaa
tctggaacacgataattacaatcgctactacgatttggaatttgttagtcactgtaataactacagtatt
taccacaattatgactatcgcaatgacaatttggaacgctatttggacgttcttacaaacgttgtggaac
actatagttactgtggcaactaaggtttggaacgctatcactacaactatatctactgcgttacaagcgg
catggagttttatttctaatatatggaatacgatttggagtttcttatctggtatattaacgacaatttg
gaataaagttgtaagcatattcacacaagttgtatcaactatatcagacaaaatgtctcaagcttggaac
ttcattgtcactaaaggtatgcaatgggtatctactataacaagtacgctaattaactttgttaatagag
ttgttcaaggattcgttaatgttgtaaacaaagttagtcaaggtatgacaaatgcagtaaataaagttaa
aagctttgtggatgactttgtatcagcaggtgctgatatgatccgtggtttgatgagaggtattggtaat
atggctagagacttagctgaaaaagcagctagtgtagcaaaaggtgctttaaatgcagccaaaagagcgc
taggtattcactcaccttcacgtgaattcatggatgttggtatgtattcaatgttaggtttcgttaaagg
tatagataatcattcaagtaaagttatccgtaatgtttctaatgttgcagataaagtagttgatgcattt
caacctacattaaacgcacctgacatttctagtattacaggaaacttaagtaatttaggtggaaatataa
atgcgcaagtacaacacacacattctattgaaacatcaccgaacatgaaaactgttaaaattgaattcga
tgtcaataacgatgcgcttactagtattgttaacggcagaaatgctaaacgcaattctgagtattactta
taa
>Potential gene 33:31387..32418, 1032 bp
atgttcggtgatgtttcaatagaatgtgtgtgttgtacttgcgcatttatatttccacctaaattactta
agtttcctgtaatactagaaatgtcaggtgcgtttaatgtaggttgaaatgcatcaactactttatctgc
aacattagaaacattacggataactttacttgaatgattatctatacctttaacgaaacctaacattgaa
tacataccaacatccatgaattcacgtgaaggtgagtgaatacctagcgctcttttggctgcatttaaag
caccttttgctacactagctgctttttcagctaagtctctagccatattaccaatacctctcatcaaacc
acggatcatatcagcacctgctgatacaaagtcatccacaaagcttttaactttatttactgcatttgtc
ataccttgactaactttgtttacaacattaacgaatccttgaacaactctattaacaaagttaattagcg
tacttgttatagtagatacccattgcatacctttagtgacaatgaagttccaagcttgagacattttgtc
tgatatagttgatacaacttgtgtgaatatgcttacaactttattccaaattgtcgttaatataccagat
aagaaactccaaatcgtattccatatattagaaataaaactccatgccgcttgtaacgcagtagatatag
ttgtagtgatagcgttccaaaccttagttgccacagtaactatagtgttccacaacgtttgtaagaacgt
ccaaatagcgttccaaattgtcattgcgatagtcataattgtggtaaatactgtagttattacagtgact
aacaaattccaaatcgtagtagcgattgtaattatcgtgttccagattgtacttaagaatgtccgaatag
ctgtccatatcgtcataactattgtcattatcgtcgtgaaaacagttgtgatgattgtaactaaaaggtt
ccatactgttgttgcaatagcgataattccattccatagcccttgcaaataa
>Potential gene 34:32785..33123, 339 bp
atgaacgcaccttttaaaattgttaatcccgctcttaataaaccgaacttacttactaatgcaatgattc
tacctattaatccgccacccataaagttagatacagcaagaataatcggtattaaaaatctaaatgcacc
aactaaagttataatgacaccaactaattgtgctgtagctggatgcgcctcaaacaagttagctatccaa
ccagttattgcaactgcaacgcgtaatactgcactagctataggagccattgctgttgcgaatgcaacta
atcctcttgcgatgtttccaatcaattgcattattagtggtccatttgtttgtatataa
>Potential gene 35:34360..35025, 666 bp
atgtcaatattgacacgcttcttttctagttcggataacttagcttctgcttcagcgatatctttagtca
atttttgtttttgtaatttaatctctggagtaacttctttagagtttagtttgtctagttcaaaattcga
ttctagtaccttttgttgcaagtcttgtatactagcatctaatttagcttttacttttttgttactaaag
gcatctaaagactttttagcaactttgatagttttttgtaattttttatcatcagcatttaattcgacat
ctttagtttgatctgctactcgtttaaatctttgcacagacttaaccgcactatcgatttgccttttgaa
tttggctacactagcttcaatagtcgctttaattttatattccgtcacattaacacctctctttctattg
cttgttaaattctgctataactttaaagaattcattattttgtggttcgtattcatcacgttcgctacta
aatcttatatctttaccttcgttaagccgttggatattttcttcataaggcaatacgtcgtttgcgttgt
taaaaacatattcctctttaggtttattttctgtcccaacatttttagtagctgcagcatcacgaatagc
aaacgcaagtttgtaacgttcgaattcttgggttag
>Potential gene 36:34774..35118, 345 bp
atgtcaacacttggtattacagatttgaacgttattgagcaaatgacattaacagaatataactatcgaa
tgtatgcgaaagagtatgaaatgctaacccaagaattcgaacgttacaaacttgcgtttgctattcgtga
tgctgcagctactaaaaatgttgggacagaaaataaacctaaagaggaatatgtttttaacaacgcaaac
gacgtattgccttatgaagaaaatatccaacggcttaacgaaggtaaagatataagatttagtagcgaac
gtgatgaatacgaaccacaaaataatgaattctttaaagttatagcagaatttaacaagcaatag
>Potential gene 37:35148..35513, 366 bp
atgaatgtagaaattaacggaaagtcattagaattaagttttggttttaaatttttaagagaaatcgata
accgattaggtttaaaagttgagcaagcttctatcggtcaaggtgtatcaatgttgcctgtaggtttaga
gagtggaaatcctgttgtgattggcgaagttttaattgcagctacatctcacttgaaaaaacaagcaatt
actattaataacattgatgaagcactagatgaaatcgcagaaaatattggactagaagaatttggttcgg
atattttaacggagttgggaaagcgacctatgacccgaaacctagtcgaagtagtggaaacggaagagaa
accagcggaagcctaa
>Potential gene 38:35575..36156, 582 bp
atggcgaatatgaaaaatagtaatgaccgtattattttgtttagaaaagctggcgaaaaagtagatgcta
ctaaaatgctttttttaactgaatacggcttatcacatgaagctgatacagatacagaggatacgatgga
tgggtcttataacactggtggttcagttgaatcaacaatgtctggtactgctaaaatgttttatggtgac
gattttgcagatgaaattgaagatgcagttgtagatcgcgtattgtatgaggcttgggaagttgaaagta
gaataccaggcaaaaatggagatgctactaaatttaaagcgaaatatttccaaggtttccacaataaatt
tgaattaaaagcagaagctaacggtattgatgaatatgaatatgaatatggagtgaatggtcgtttccaa
cgtggatttgcaacactacctgaggctgtaacaaagaaacttaaggcgactggatacagattccatgaca
ctacaaaagcagatgcgttaactggcgaagatttaacagcaattccacaacctaaggtagattcatcaac
ggttacaccaggagaggtataa
>Potential gene 39:36175..36558, 384 bp
atgacaccgaacttacaactttataataaagcgtatgaaacgctacaaggatatggattccctgttattt
ctcgtaaagagatgcaacaagagattccgtatcctttttttgtaataaaaatgccggagtcaaatagaag
taagtacacgtttgatagttattctggcgatacgaatttagttattgatatttggagtgtaagcgatgat
ttaggacatcatgacggacttgttaaaaggtgtatcgatgatttaacacctagcgttaaaacaaacgatt
atgactttgaagaagatgatactaacatcgcacagttagtcgatgatactactaatcaagaattgctaca
cacatcaataacgatatcttacaaaacattttaa
>Potential gene 40:36570..36917, 348 bp
atgaatatagatggattagacgcactgttaaaccaatttcacgatatgaaaaccaacattgatgatgatg
tagatgatattttacaggaaaacgccaaagaatatgtagtacgagctaaattgaaagctagagaagtaat
gaataagggttattggactggtaatttatcacgcaatatcagatataaaaaaactggcgatttgcaatac
actatcacatcgcatgcagcttatagtggtttcttagaatttggtactcgatacatggaggctgaacctt
ttatgtggccggtatacgaagtgattaggaaatcaactgtagaagaattgaaagcgttgtttgaatag
>Potential gene 41:37186..37548, 363 bp
atgactacgctagctgatgtaaaaaaacgtattggtcttaaagatgaaaagcaagatgaacaattagaag
aaatcataaaaagttgtgaaagccagttgttatcaatgttacctattgaagttgaacaaataccggaaag
gtttagttacatgattaaagaagttgcagttaaacgctacaacaggattggtgctgaaggtatgacatca
gaagcggttgacggacgtagcaatgcgtatgaattgaacgatttcaaggagtatgaagctattattgata
attactttaatgctagaacgagaactaaaaaaggaagggctgtgttcttttgagatatgaagatagagtt
atttttcaattag
>Potential gene 42:37557..37844, 288 bp
atgcccgaaatcattggaattgttaaagtagattttacagatttagaagataacagacatgtctatatga
aagggcatgtctaccctcgtaaaggttataatcctacagatgaacgtatcaaagctttagctagtgttga
aaataaacgcaacaaacaaatgatttacattgtaaatgacaaattaaccaaaaaagaacttgtcgaaata
gcaagtgttgctggcttacaagttgatgaaaaacaaacaaaagctgaaattatcaatgcttttgagtcac
tagagtag
>Potential gene 43:37866..38840, 975 bp
atggaacaaacacaaaaattaaaattaaatttgcaacattttgcaagtaacaatgttaaaccacaagtat
ttaaccctgacaatgtaatgatgcatgaaaagaaagatggcacgttgttaaacgactttacaacacctat
cttacaagaggttatggaaaactctaaaatcatgcaattaggtaagtacgaaccaatggaaggtactgag
aagaagtttactttttgggctgataaaccaggtgcttactgggtaggtgaaggtcaaaaaatcgaaacgt
ctaaggctacttgggttaatgctacaatgagagcgtttaaattaggggttatcttaccagtaacaaaaga
attcttgaattacacttattcacaattctttgaagaaatgaaacctatgattgctgaagctttctataaa
aagtttgacgaggcaggtattttgaatcaaggtaacaatccgttcggtaaatcaattgcacaatcaattg
aaaaaactaataaggttattaaaggtgacttcacacaagataacattattgatttagaggcattgcttga
agatgacgaattagaagcaaatgcatttatctcaaaaacacaaaacagaagcttgttacgtaaaattgta
gatcctgaaacgaaagaacgtatttatgaccgtaacagtgattcgttagacggtctacctgtggttaacc
ttaaatcaagcaacttaaaacgtggtgaattaatcactggtgacttcgacaaattgatttatggtatccc
tcaattaatcgaatacaaaatcgatgaaactgcacaattatctacagttaaaaacgaagatggcacacct
gtaaacttgtttgaacaagacatggtggcattacgtgcaactatgcatgtagcattgcatattgctgatg
ataaagcgtttgctaagttagttcctgctgacaaaagaacagattcagttccaggagaagtttaa
>Potential gene 44:38854..39489, 636 bp
atggaggtatatctcatggaagaaaataaacttaagtttaatttgcaattttttgcagaccaatcagatg
atccggacgaaccaggcggagatggtaaaaaaggaaatcctgataagaaagaaaatgacgaaggtactga
aataactttcacgccagagcaacaaaagaaagttgatgaaatacttgaacgtcgtgtagcccacgaaaag
aaaaaagctgatgagtatgcaaaagaaaaagcagcagaagctgctaaagaagctgctaaattagcgaaaa
tgaacaaggatcaaaaagatgaatatgaacgcgaacaaatggaaaaagaactggaacaattacgttcaga
aaaacaattaaacgaaatgcgttcagaagcacgaaaaatgttgagtgaagcggaagttgattcatcagat
gaggttgtcaatttagttgtaacagatactgctgaacaaactaaattgaatgttgaagctttttctaatg
cagtaaaaaaagcggttaatgaagcggttaaggttaacgctagacaatcgccattgactggtggagattc
atttaatcactcgactaaaaataaaccgcaaaacttagctgaaatagctagacaaaaaagaattattaaa
aattaa
>Potential gene 45:39583..39753, 171 bp
atgagtaatactgacaaataccttagagacatagcaagagaattaaaaggtatacgtaaagagttacaaa
agcgaaacgaaacagttattattgatgcaaacttagacagtttaaggtcggcagtattagccgataaaga
aaaatcgaaatataatgaacctctcttttaa
>Potential gene 46:39805..40710, 906 bp
atgatgattaagcgcattgaaaaagagatcaatgcgtttattgtcaagtacggagattttgcaggcgtta
cattacaagaagcacaaaagattattgatgagttcgatgtaaaagcgtttcaagaagaagcaaaaagatt
ggtcgaaaacaaggagtttagcgatagagcaaatgaagaattaaagaagtataacacgaaaatgtatgta
tctagagaacagatgttaaagattcaaatagaattcttaattgcttatgcaacagctcaaacagaattat
cgatgagggaatatttcgaatcaacagcttatcgtgtgttcagtgatcaagcgggtattttaggtgaagg
tgtacaagtagctaaagaagttatagatacaatcgttgatacacaatttcatggtgtcgtttggtcagag
cgattatggactaataccgaagcaatgaaacaagaagtagaagaaataattgctaatgtagttattagag
gtcgacatcctaatgaatatgttaaagatatgcgcaagcacttaaataaattcgaaggcacagcacgaca
aaagaccgcagcaattaaatcattgctttatacggaatcggcacgtgttcacgcacaatcaagcattgac
agcatgaaagaaatttcaccggaaggatattatatgtatattgcaaaaatcgataatagaacaactaaag
tatgcaaagggcttaatggagaaatattcaaagttaaagacgctaaaattggtgttaatttctatcctat
gcatatcaattgtcgttcagattgcgctttactacctaaatctatgtggccgaaaaaaccaagcaagaaa
cgaaaaacaaaatacttcggagggaaagtgaaaagcggtgattgatttaaaagtgaagttttttaa
>Potential gene 47:40822..42363, 1542 bp
atgttaaaagtaaacgaatttgaaacagatacagatctacggggaaacataaattacttatttaatgatg
aagccaatgttgtttacacatatgacgggacggaatccgatttattacaaaacgttaatgaagtaagtaa
atacattgaacatcacatggattaccaacgacctagattgaaagtgttaagtgattattacgaaggtaaa
actaagaacttagttgagttaacacgacgcaaagaagagtacatggcagataaccgtgtagcgcatgatt
acgcatcttatattagcgattttatcaacggctatttcttgggtaatccaattcaatatcaagatgatga
caaagatgtattagaagctattgaggcgttcaatgatttaaatgatgttgagtcacacaatagatcttta
ggattagatttgtcaatttatggcaaagcttatgagttaatgattagaaaccaagatgatgaaacgcgtt
tatacaagagtgatgcaatgagtacttttgtcatatacgacaatacaattgaacgtaatagtatcgcggg
cgttagatatttaagaactaaaccaatagacaagactgacgaagatggagtgtttacagttgatttattc
acttcacacggtgtttatagatatcttaccagtagaacaaatggattgaagctcacaccacgtgaaaacg
gttttgaatcacactctttcgaacgtatgcctattacagaatttagcaacaacgaaagaagaaaagggga
ttatgagaaagtaatcactttaattgatttgtatgataatgctgaatcagatactgctaactatatgagt
gatttaaatgacgctatgttacttattaaaggtaatttaaatttagatcctgtagaagttagaaaacaaa
aggaagctaacgtgttgtttttagaaccgactgtttatgctgatagcgaaggtagagaaacagaaggctc
tgttgatggtggttatatttataagcaatacgatgtacaaggtaccgaagcttataaagaccgtttaaac
agtgatatacacatgtttaccaacacgcctaacatgaaagatgataactttagcggcactcaatcgggcg
aggcaatgaaatacaaattatttggattggaacaacgtactaaaactaaagaaggattgtttactaaagg
gttaagacgtcgtgctaagttgttagagacaatacttaaaaatacatggtcgattgacgctaacaaagat
ttcaatactgttagatacgtatacaacagaaacttacctaaatcattgattgaagaattaaaagcttata
ttgattctggtgggaagattagccaaacaactttaatgtctctattctcgttcttccaagaccctgaatt
agaagttaagaaaatcgaagaagatgagaaagaatctattaaaaaagctcaaaaaggtatttataaagac
cctagagacatcaatgatgacgaacaagatgatgatacaaaagatactgttgataaaaaggaatgattgt
aa
>Potential gene 48:42374..43717, 1344 bp
atggtgcgtatatcgataaaaaagaaattactcagaagaatattgagattaatattggtgagtacgatga
cgaaagttaaattaaactttaacaaaccgtctaatgttttcaatagaaacatattcgaaatactaaccaa
ttacgataacttcactgaagtacattacggtggaggttcgagcggtaagtctcacggcgttatacaaaaa
gttgtactcaaagcattgcaagattggaaatatcctaggcgtatactgtggcttagaaaagtacaatcaa
caattaaagatagtttgttcgaagatgttaaagattgtttgataaactttggtatttgggacatgtgcct
ttggaataagactgataacaaagttgaattgccaaacggcgcagtttttttgtttaaaggattagataac
ccagagaaaataaagtcgataaaaggcatatcagacatagtcatggaagaagcgtctgaattcacactaa
atgattacacgcaattaacgttgcgtttgagggagcgtaaacacgtgaataagcaaatatttttgatgtt
taacccagtatctaaactgaattgggtttataagtatttctttgaacatggtgaaccaatggaaaatgtc
atgattagacaatctagttatcgagataataagtttcttgatgaaatgacacgacaaaacttagagttgt
tagcaaatcgtaatccagcatattacaaaatttatgcgttaggtgaatttgctacactagacaaattggt
tttccctaagtacgaaaaacgtttaataaataaagatgagttaagacatttaccttcttattttggattg
gactttggctacgttaatgatcctagtgcttttatacattctaaaatagatgtaaagaaaaagaagttat
acatcattgaagagtatgttaaacaaggtatgctgaatgatgaaatagctaatgtcataaagcaacttgg
ttatgctaaagaagaaattacagcagatagtgcagaacaaaaaagtatagctgaattaaggaatctaggg
cttaaaaggattttaccaaccaaaaaagggaagggctcggttgtacaagggttacaattcttaatgcaat
ttgaaatcattgttgatgaacgttgtttcaagactattgaagagtttgacaactacacatggcaaaagga
caaagatacaggtgaatataccaatgaaccagtagatacatacaatcattgtatcgattcgttgcgttat
tcagtggaacgattctacagaccggttagaaaacgcacaaatctcagttcgaaagttgacacaataaaat
ctctaggattatag
>Potential gene 49:43638..44078, 441 bp
atgaacgaaaaacaaaagagattcgcagatgaatatataatgaatggatgtaatggtaaaaaagcagcaa
ttacagcaggttatagtaagaaaacagcagagtctttagcaagtcgattgttaagaaatgttaatgtttc
ggaatatattaaagaacgattagaacagatacaagaagagcgtttaatgagtattacagaagctttagcg
ttatctgcttctattgctagaggagaacctcaagaggcttacagtaagaaatatgaccatttaaacgatg
aagtggaaaaagaggttacttacacaatcacaccaacttttgaagagcgtcagagatctattgaccacat
actaaaagtacatggtgcgtatatcgataaaaaagaaattactcagaagaatattgagattaatattggt
gagtacgatgacgaaagttaa
>Potential gene 50:44253..44687, 435 bp
atgactaaaaagaaatatggattaaaattatcaacagttcgaaagttagaagatgagttgtgtgattatc
ctaattatcataagcaactcgaagatttaagaagtgaaataatgacaccatggattccaacagatacaaa
tataggcggggagtttgtaccgtctaatacatcgaaaacagaaatggcagtaactaattatctttgtagt
atacgaagaggtaaaatccttgagtttaagagcgctattgaacgtataatcaacacatcaagcaggaaag
aacgcgaattcattcaagagtattattttaataaaaaggaattagtgaaagtttgtgttgacatacacat
ttctgatagaactgctcatagaatcaaaagaaaaatcatatctagattggcggaagagttaggggaagac
tgaaattggcagtaa
>Potential gene 51:44711..44857, 147 bp
atgatgtggttagtcatagcaattatattactagtcatcttattgtttggtgtgatgttgcaagctgaac
agttaaaaggcgatgtgaaagttaaagagcgggagatagagatattaagaagtagattgagacattttga
agattaa
>Potential gene 52:44820..45107, 288 bp
atgactagtaatataattgctatgactaaccacatcatctactctgacacctccgccctcatcaaatcag
actgatcgctcaactttgcgaagtcactcggcgcctctacatcatcattagccgtcgtcataatatatac
tttctcagttacatacttacctagctcatacatcgctagtaagaataatagtcttaatatttgtttaatc
attatttatctaccttctttacttcgtataagaccggatataaatttaaaaagtgtattctataaccaat
cgttttaa
>Potential gene 53:45031..45423, 393 bp
atgacaatgatgattaaaaaacttaaaaatatggattggttcgatatctttattgttggaatactgcgat
tattcggcgtaatcgcactgatgcttgttgtcatatcgcctatctatacagtggctagttaccaaaacaa
agaagtacatcaagggacaattacagataaatataacaagagacaagataaagaagacaagttctatatt
gtgttagacaacaagcaagtcatcgaaaactctgacttactattcaaaaagaaatttgatagcgcagaca
tacaagctaggttaaaagtaggcgacaaagtagaagttaaaacgattggttatagaatacactttttaaa
tttatatccggtcttatacgaagtaaagaaggtagataaataa
>Potential gene 54:45407..45643, 237 bp
atgtttaatacacctaaaatgaaattaccagaaaagcacaccgaggtatttaagacgtataaaaatggaa
cgccagaagaaaaagctgagattgaaggctgttttattaaaactgttaaagatgaagatagtgaatttta
cagccctatgttagccagtctaaatgaacaacagttaaagagtatgttgagacaggtactttttttgatt
gatacaggagatgacaatgatgattaa
>Potential gene 55:45889..46074, 186 bp
atggttttgtacaaagaattagatttatttacatgcagaattggaatgttattagtcttaatcgttatag
tagattttgcaaaacaacaaaatatgttagctacattgagtgttttactaatacttttattcgtagaaaa
acttagaatcattcaaaggagtgataagaagtgacgcaatacttag
>Potential gene 56:46183..46728, 546 bp
atgaattggctggaattgatgaggaggacaaggaaaatgactaacatcctacaagtaaagctattatcag
aaaacgctagaatgccagaacgaaatcataagacggatgcaggttatgacatattctcagctgaaactgt
cgtactcgagccacaagaaaaggcagtgattaaaacagatgtagctgtgagcataccagagggctatgtc
ggactattaactagccgtagtggtgtaagcagtaaaacgcatttagtgattgaaacaggcaagatagacg
cgggatatcatggtaatttagggattaacatcaagaatgacgctattgcatcaaatggttatattacacc
aggtgtttttgatattaaaggagaaatcgatttgagtgacgccataagacaatatggaacttatcaaatc
aacgaaggcgacaaactagctcaattggttatcgtgcctatatggacacctgaactaaagcaagtggagg
aattcgaaagtgtttcagaacgtggagaaaaaggcttcggaagtagcggagtgtaa
>Potential gene 57:46685..46945, 261 bp
atgaggaggaacaggaaaatgaaaattaatgaatctttgaagaaattaaaagaaaaaggatacaaagaaa
atgaagataaagctatttttaatttagctgatggtacgctagaaatttacatcgaccatgacgaaaaaac
aataattacagaattccatgatttaaaggtattcgtgtcagaagatttaaaagataaaagtatggagagc
gttatgtatgaattggctggaattgatgaggaggacaaggaaaatgactaa
>Potential gene 58:46917..47162, 246 bp
atgacacaaatgaataaccgcgaacaaatcgaacaatcagttatcagtgctagcgcgtataacggcaatg
acacagagggattgctaaaagagattgaagacgtgtataagaaagcgcaagcgtttgatgaaattcgcga
agctattaatgcgcaatgggttgagtatccagaagactgggcgtcagaggttttgagagaagtaagagag
cttgaatatgaggaggaacaggaaaatgaaaattaa
>Potential gene 59:47146..47517, 372 bp
atgaaagtgaactatgaaacaggattccaaataggcgtaatggaagctaggttgaagaagatgagaaaac
aacgtgatgagtacaagaagcaacgtgacgagcttattggggatatagctaagttaagagagcgtaacga
agagctggagaacatgtggcgcacgcttaaaaatgaattgtttggaagatacgaattttaccgttttaga
cttagcgaactacagattgagagcagagcgaacaaggaagtagctatatatagaagagctgaaatcaact
taagtgttatattgtgccgaatggacaaactagacggaacaaatgagttctacgaatttttagggcaaat
ggaggatgacacaaatgaataa
>Potential gene 60:47526..47768, 243 bp
atgacagataacgcacgcaaagaatacctaaatcaattctttggatctaagagatatctgtatcaggata
acgaacgagtggcacatattcatgtagtaaacggcacttattactttcatgggcatatcgtaccaggttg
gcaaggcgtgaaaaagacatttgatacagctgaagagcttgaaacatatataaagcaacagggtttggaa
tatgaggaacagaagcaactaactttattttag
>Potential gene 61:47772..48140, 369 bp
atggcgagaaaagcaaggattgtaacaataaatgataaaccatataggtttaccaaatctgaaatggaat
taatagaaagtcacggtataaccgctggaatggtttctaagagagtaaaagacggttgggaactacatga
agcaatggacgcaccagaaggtacgcgtttaagcgagtacagagaaaagaaaacaatagaaagactggaa
caagctagactcgaacgcaaattggaaagaaagcgaaagaaagaggctgagctaagaagaaagaagccac
atttgtttaatgtaccacagaaacatccaagaggacgttatgcgtgctacctgatggaaaacgacatatt
cgtgaaagttaagaagtag
>Potential gene 62:48153..48569, 417 bp
atgagggattacatggagatagaaattaaatttaatgaagtgtttaatgcgccgatgggctcgcctcgac
cgcgttttagcacaaaaggtagatatgcacacacatatatgcctacaaaatatacagaacataaaaaata
tttacaaaatcaaatgccaaagctaaatctagaaaatgcattaaaaattgaattagagttttactttact
ccacctaaatcatggtcgaagaaaaagaaaactcaagcgattggacaattaaaagtaactaaaccagata
tcgataatttgatgaagacagttctagacgcttgtaacaattatttgtggaaagacgataaccaaattac
agaaataactagctcaaagcgttatggaattgagcccaaaataatcatacgaatagaagaaatataa
>Potential gene 63:48548..49684, 1137 bp
atgactggttggataagtattgatcgctcaattcaaaatcattggctatttaaagaaaagagaacatttt
caaagtttgaagcatggatatatttactcatggaagcgaatcattcaaaggcaaaagtgcctataggaaa
ccaaattgtaaccgttgaaagaggacaaagattaacatctattttgaccttgtctgacctttttaactgg
tcacgatttaaagtgaaaaccttccttgacttactcgagagtgatggaatgttagaagtcaaaacaacat
caaaatatacccttataaccattgtcaattatgacttttatcaaagtgagcagggcaggaaccaacatca
aaacgacatcaaaccaacatcaaaacaacatcagtcaaacatcaacccaacatcaaaacaacatcaaacc
aacacaaacaataatgataataaagataataatgaaaagaatgtgaataatgagaagaagaagacaaccg
ccttcgacttcttccaagataacggattcggtttcataacttcttacaatttagacgatttaaattatta
tcttgattcatttgaaaatgattcagatgaaatagttaccgcatcacttaaaatcgctaaagacagaaac
aaagttacttggggatatgctaaaagcattttgaatacatggcttaatgcaaacttgaaatctattgaac
aagtacgtgcatttgaaaagcaacaacttgaaagcaaaaaacaaaattataaacctttcgttaaacaatc
aaaagaaaaaacacccaaatggctcacagacagcacgagagaaacgaaaacgccggaagtagatgaaaac
cttgagaaagacagagaagcttttattaagcgtctaaatagcaaatgggagtgattgaaaatggatgcat
ttgataaatactatctatttgatcatgacggcaacaaaatgttttcagttacaccacattttaaagatgg
acggcatttagttgttggattaaaacacacaaaattcaatggtcgacgttggtacttagatgattatgaa
ttaaaaacacttattgataatgaacaaatggagttaggacaccaaacaagcttatttgaatatatatgag
ggattacatggagatag
>Potential gene 64:49714..50184, 471 bp
atgctaaacagaacaatattagttggtcgtttaactagagacccagaattaagaaccactcaaaatggtg
taaatgtagcatcattcacattagcagttaaccgtacatttacaaatgcacaaggcgagcgcgaggcaga
ctttattaatatcatcgtatttaaaaaacaagcagagaacgttaataaatacctatctaaaggatcgttg
gcgggcgtagatggtaggttacaaacgcggaactatgaaaataaggaaggtcaacgtgtatacgttacgg
aagttattgctgatagtattcaatttttagaaccgaaaaactcaaatgacactcaacaagatttatatca
acaacaagtacaacaaacacgtggacaatcgcaatattcaaataacaaaccagtaaaagataatccgttt
gcgaatgcaaatggtccgattgaactaaatgatgatgatttaccattctaa
>Potential gene 65:50185..50670, 486 bp
atgactgctggaacacaacaagctatgaattttgaaagtcatcgcttatgcacgattaaggcaaagcaag
agctgcgaataggtacatggtcaattctaccgtttgacatcgaacatgatgctaacgagcctgtggcttt
cttattacaaagcacactaggttataaggttctgtatgttactgatacaaagtatttgaaatacaaattt
aatggcattacgcacatgatgctagaagttaattatatctatgaacaaatgcaagaaaacataaaaaacg
gcagtgtgcacagcacattagcaaacagaattatggagtctcattttagcttagaacatgctatcggaat
gttaaaagcaaatgatttaactagactcgaagaaatacatttaattcatttaagtagtcaaaattcaaat
gcaaaatacattaaaagtgaaatacaaaaagtgacgggcgcgcccgtttattttggaggtttataa
>Potential gene 66:50883..51803, 921 bp
atgactgaaaataataaattacaaactattgaacaacaattagtacaagaaaagaacgtatctgacaacg
tattaaacaaagtgagagttttagagtcacaaggcaatttggaattgccaaatgattattcaccaagtaa
tgccatgaaacaagcatggttacaaatcagccaagataacaaattaatgagttgtaacgatacaagcaaa
gcaaatgccttattagacatggtaacgcaaggtttaaatccagctaaaaatcaatgctactttattcctt
acggcaacaaaatgcagttacaacgtagctatcacggtaatgtaatgatgttaaaacgtgatgcaggtgc
tcaagatgttgttgctcaagtgatttataaaggcgatacattcaagcaagaaatgggagaaacaggacgt
atcaaagcgattaaacacgaacaagacttctttaacatcgacaaagaaaacattatcggtgcgtactgca
caatcgtatttaatgatggacgagataactatattgaagtcatgactattgaacaaattaaacaagcatg
gatgcagtcatcaatgattaaagatgaaaaagcattacaaaattctaaaacacataataatttcaaagaa
gaaatggctaaaaaaacagttatcaatagagctgctaaacgttatatcaacacatcaacagatagcaatc
ttttcaaatacgcacaagaatccgaacaacgtcaacgcaaagaagtgttggacgcagaagttgaagaaaa
tgcaaatcaagaacaattggactttgaacaaccagttcttgaagaagcacaatacacagaattagaaaat
gataagcctattgatgtatctgactttgaagaaataaaagaacctgcaacagaaaaagaaagcgaagaag
agccattttaa
>Potential gene 67:50969..51463, 495 bp
atgcaggtgctcaagatgttgttgctcaagtgatttataaaggcgatacattcaagcaagaaatgggaga
aacaggacgtatcaaagcgattaaacacgaacaagacttctttaacatcgacaaagaaaacattatcggt
gcgtactgcacaatcgtatttaatgatggacgagataactatattgaagtcatgactattgaacaaatta
aacaagcatggatgcagtcatcaatgattaaagatgaaaaagcattacaaaattctaaaacacataataa
tttcaaagaagaaatggctaaaaaaacagttatcaatagagctgctaaacgttatatcaacacatcaaca
gatagcaatcttttcaaatacgcacaagaatccgaacaacgtcaacgcaaagaagtgttggacgcagaag
ttgaagaaaatgcaaatcaagaacaattggactttgaacaaccagttcttgaagaagcacaatacacaga
attag
>Potential gene 68:51805..53760, 1956 bp
atgaggaaggatatgaaaataaataaattaacaatatcgaactttgccggaatcaaagaagaaaaattta
attttgacggtaaagatgcaaaaatatacggcaataatgcgactggtaagactacaacagcaaccgcatt
acaatggttgcttttcgataaaggtttggacggttcaaccaaatcatttaaccctgtacctttaaacgaa
aaaaacgaagaaaattatgagttaattccgactgttttcgcagaatttgaaatcgacggaaaaattacga
cttttaaaaaagagtcacatcctaaatacacaataaatcaaaagacgaatcgcaaggaatactcacgaag
tcgaacgaagaaacaatatatcaatgatgaatcaataaaagtaaaggattataaagctcgtattgatgaa
cttattgatgaagatgtattcaagttaattacgaaccctcaagcatttaacttactagattggaagaagc
gaagaagtttgttgtttgaaattgctaaaccaatcaatgatgaggatgtcattaaaacaaatgatgattt
taaagaactaaataatattcttggagatcatgaaattgaaacaaagaaaaagattcttacggacaagata
aaacagattaacaaagatatcaaagatattccgatacgtattaaccaaacacaacaaaataagcaggatg
taccagaattcgataatgatagatacgcaattatcaaacaagaaattgagcaacttgaaaatgagcgtat
agatattcaaaacggtaaggaagaaattaatttacgtaatcaattagctgataaacaatcagaattgaaa
cgcatagaagacaataacagcgcaagtaatgagaacaaaatccatgctttaacaaatgaattacacgttg
aaaatggaacggtagcaaaccttaaaacgagattaaagcaaaacaaacaacaaatcacgcatgaagaaaa
tagacgtaatcaattattagaaaatcataaaggattaaaaagtgatttagaaaaagctaaaaatcaaaaa
tttgaatatcttgatgacaatgtatgtagttgttgtggtcaaaagttaccagttgaacaagtggatatgg
caagagaaaaagcattgcagaaattcaatgctagcaaatcgaaagaattagaaacaatacaaacatctat
caatcacattatttcagaaggcaagaaaataaagctaatcatcgagaagttagaggatgacaataataat
cttcaaattaaaatcaacgaagcagaagagcgttcagcaagaatacaaaacaaaattaataagttgaaaa
caactcacgttgacgttacgcaaactgacgaatacaaagcagtaatgttagagataaatgagattaatca
aaaacgctctaacatcaggaaaactattcaagataaagtttcaggaatagatgacaaaataagcgaactt
actcaagaaaaatcagaaattgaagtgtcaagatcaatcgaaaaatcaaataaacatctagatgatgtta
tttctgaattaagaaatgaagaagacagattattggatgaaaaagaaaagtattcacatgacctttatat
cttaaaagaatttacaacaacaaaagtcaaaatgcttactgaaaacatcaataatgaatttgaaattgct
gaatttaagctattcaataccttagttaacggcgaattagaagaaacatgttccacaacggttaacggcg
tcgaatacgacagcggtttaaataacgcctcaagaattaatgttggcttagatatcatcaatacactgtc
aaaacattttaaagttacagcgccaatatttattgataatgctgaatcagtaacagagcttatcaaaaca
gaatcacaacaaattcaattgatagtaaatgaacaagataaaaaattaagaatggagactatataa
>Potential gene 69:53739..54035, 297 bp
atggtaggtataagcatgagagatacagaaagaaatatattgaatatttttaagacgttattcgacgaat
atactttgtcaaaccaacgagcattattggaaattgaacgtaatcatcacggatacttatcgattaattt
cttgcactatcacgacagttacaaaacaaacaataagcttgtgcagatacatgaaatcaatccagacagc
catgaacgaataaaaaatttaattatcgaggtactaagaggtcatcggaagattaaaaaaggagcatgag
gaaggatatgaaaataa
>Potential gene 70:54029..54310, 282 bp
atgacaaggaggacgagaacaatgtattacaaaacgggtgacgtatgtcgaaaaataattaatgtagatg
gctttgattttcaattaagagttaagaaacgagcgtatagcgtcgaaatggttgttctagaccatgaagg
aaattcaattgacgggttactagtttctgatgagaacgatctatacacagctttagatattttgaaacaa
agtgtttatgaatggattgaaaataacacagatgaacaggacaaactaatgaacttagtcatgaaatggt
ag
>Potential gene 71:54329..54589, 261 bp
atgactaaaaattataaagatatgactcaagacgaattaaggggtttattggctgaaaagaatgcagaat
tgtttgatttagcgagcgaaatcgatgaagaaactgaatttgacgttttacttttttcaaatgtagggat
tagcaacggagattttacaccgtcgtcacattgtgtgattgggaatgttgttgatattgctaatttattg
aaacgtagagctgtttaccgagatatcgctgatgttatcaaaatgcgttaa
>Potential gene 72:54550..54807, 258 bp
atgtttcacagtcttagcgattgtgcttatgccattgctgtacttcactacagcgtggtcaattgcagga
ttcgcaagcattggaacattcatatactacaaagaatacttttatgaagaataaaaaaactgctacttgc
gtcaacaagtaacagtgacaaacgattaacaaaattaattcattttcaatataaaacgaaacaaggagga
agtcaaccatgactaaaaattataaagatatgactcaagacgaattaa
>Potential gene 73:54815..55162, 348 bp
atgccacacattttaaacgtaacagttccaatacctgaaacacatgtacttatcacaaaagatgaatatg
atgagctaattggttattcattagaccctgtatggaacatgagtgacttaaagaagaaattaaaaattgc
atctgatgagactatcaaggacagattactatttcatcctagatttgaaaaagaactaagagcgcaagga
attgtgcattacccagatgagagttttaatcgctggagatttaacgcaagaaagatgaataaattcgtcg
atgagcatttcaatgaaatatataaggagagaataaaatgagcgacacatataaaagctacctattag
>Potential gene 74:55221..55451, 231 bp
atgcataagagattgctcactcaatatttagataaagaaatcgttacttctttagatttacatttaatta
atggtgaagttattaaagtacaagaacatatgaaagatgctgaaagcaaaactctacacatcatttatcc
aaaagatagagttgtcagtttagatcatgttttgtatttcgacattaacgttaaaggtgaaaagaataac
gatagtccttatccatcttaa
>Potential gene 75:55387..55674, 288 bp
atgttttgtatttcgacattaacgttaaaggtgaaaagaataacgatagtccttatccatcttaaaatcc
atagtgcttatagttatttgctatttgttgacagttatcactggcaagtcctaccttgtcagcttggtaa
ctgtattgattatttacttcatttactaatcgattccattcgtctcttggtatatcttcaagaagtaaga
gaatcatctttaatttttcttcgttcatttgttattcctccttttaagatgtttgtttttctcctaaaaa
cttattaa
>Potential gene 76:55640..56392, 753 bp
atgcaagcattacaaacaaattcgaacatcggagaaatgttcaatattcaagaaaaagaaaatggagaaa
tcgcaatcagcggtcgagaacttcatcaagcattagaagttaagacagcatataaagattggtttccaag
aatgcttaaatacggatttgaagaaaatacagattacacagctatcgctcaaaaaagagcaacagctcaa
ggcaatatgacacactatattgaccacgcactcacactagacactgcaaaagaaatcgcaatgattcaac
gtagtgaacctggtaaacgtgcaagacaatacttcatccaagttgaaaaagcatggaacagcccagaaat
gattatgcaacgtgctttaaaaattgctaacaacacaatcaatcaattagaaacaaagattgaacgcgac
aaaccaaagattgtatttgcggacgcagtagctactactaagacatcaattttagttggagagttagcaa
agatcattaaacaaaacggtgtaaacatcgggcaacgcagattgtttgagtggttacgtcaaaacggatt
ccttattaaacgcaagggtgtggattataacatgcctacacagtattcaatggaacgtgagttattcgaa
attaaagaaacatcaatcacacattcggacggtcacacatcaattagtaagacgccaaaagtaacaggca
aaggacaacaatactttgttaataagtttttaggagaaaaacaaacatcttaa
>Potential gene 77:56443..56772, 330 bp
atgactaatgaagctaaatttgtccttttacaactttattcaatttaccttgatagaattgacgaaggta
tgtctaaacgttctgcatcttatttcggtagtgatgaatcctcatttaacgctttctttttagattttaa
ttttgaagactatatcgatgcagttcttgaattaaagcatagagattttgtaattgcttctgctgaagat
ggcggttttcttgagatggctctttctcgagaaggtatcgcctactcagaatcagaatccaaaaaagatt
acaaaacacttatggatttaattagagatttgaaaaaattaataatctaa
>Potential gene 78:56761..56976, 216 bp
atgaacattcaagaagcaacgaagctagcgatggagaaaggaataagtataaggagagagaatcaagatg
tgtatgggatattaccaactaatttgcagcgttatcaatgcctagtcgtatctagacactataagaaaaa
aagacaaaccgccgccggaaggtggcagcctagcgcagacgatttaatagcagatgattggattttagat
tattaa
>Potential gene 79:56992..57255, 264 bp
atgaaaacattaaaagagttgaggactgattacggattgactcaaaaagagttaggagatttatttaagg
tctcatcacgtacaattcaaaatatggaaaaagactctacaaacattaaagatagtttactttctaagta
tatgagtgcttttaatgttaaatatgatgatatttttttaggtaatgaatacgaaaatttcgtatttacg
aatgataaaaagaaatcaattattttagcatttaaagaaaaacaaacatcttaa
>Potential gene 80:57343..58101, 759 bp
atgatatgaaaatttcgtataataagaaaaaaggaggtaagtaatatgaacaaagaaagaaatattatta
tagccaaaaacattagaaaatttctcaacgattcaaatatgtctcaaaagaaacttgctgaactcattaa
cataaaaccatctactttaagcgattatttaaatttacgttccaacccctctcacggcgttatacaaagg
atagctgatgttttcgaggttggtaaaagcgacatagatactacatacaaagacgataacgacatcactt
ccatatacaacaaactcacacctccccgccaagaaaacgtacttaactatgcaaatgaacaattggaaga
acagaattctaaaggagataacgttgtagatattaattcatataaacaggagaaaactccagttaacgtc
aatggttgcgtctctgctggtgtaggagaacgtttacacgatgaaacgctatttactgaaatggttaaag
gacctatccccacacacgatttagcgttaaaagtaaatggtgattctatggaacctatgtttaaagatgg
cgaaatcatatttgtggagaaaactcacaatataaagaatggacaaattggtatattcatcattgaagaa
gaagcgtacgttaagaaagtctttgttgaagatgatagattgactctagtttcactaaataaagattacg
acgatctacacttttatagaaatgaaagtgtgaggttaattggaaaagttattttataa
>Potential gene 81:58117..59049, 933 bp
atgaaaaaatatgatattgcagtcttagactttgaaactatgaatgaacatatgaacagcccttgcgaag
ttgctgtatctttaattaaggatttatcaatagtaaaagtttattcatcttatattaatcctcctaataa
tagatataacttgaaaaacgctaaaatacataaaatacctgaagatgtcatattaaaagcacctaaatat
ccagatatttaccaagaaattctctatcttttaaaagaatcacatttaattattgctcataatgcacttt
ttgatatttcagtattaaaaaatactaataattattatgacttacctgttccaaacttcatgtatgtcga
tagtataaatatctttagaagcttccacgcaatctctagttttaaattagaaaatttgtgtagcttatat
gatatcgataaagaaaaattacattctgctaaatttgacgtgctagctttatcgaagatgttgatatcac
tcgctaaaaacaatcagcattatagtgtattaaaattaatacattatatgcctaagcaatacattagatt
tagcaaatattctaactctccaactaaacttttcgattcaggatttcaaaaaattcatatgaaaatatct
gagattaataaaatagaagtggaaagtgtaatccctattttaaaagataaaaatgttgtttttacaggta
attttgacactgaaaaacaagatttaatgatattaactagaaagaaaggagcttatatcagaagtgacgt
aactgcaaaaacagatattttagtcgaaggtgttcaagatgataaatataaagatgtgaacggactagtt
tcaaaacaacgaaaagctcgagaatatgttggaaatggtgcaaaaattcaatttttaaatgaagaagact
taataaatttaataaaggaataa
