>Potential gene 1:200..814, 615 bp
atgcgtaaaaaaggaaaagtatatgaatcaactgagaaatattcagtactaagagctttaaaagcgattg
aacgttcaaatgttgttttagtggtcattgatgcagaacaaggcatcattgaacaagataaacgcgttgc
aggatatgcacatgaacaaggtaaagcagtcgtgattgtcgtaaataaatgggatactgtggaaaaagat
agtaaaacgatgaagaaatttgaagatgaagtacgtaaagaattccaatttttagattatgcacaaattg
cttttgtgtctgctaaagaacgcacaagattacgtacattattcccttacattaatgaagcaagtgaaaa
ccataaaaaacgtgttcaaagttcaactttaaatgaagtcgttactgatgcaatttccatgaaccctaca
ccaacagacaaaggtagacgtttgaatgtcttttatgcaacacaagttgctatagaaccaccgacatttg
ttgtatttgttaatgatgtagaattaatgcatttttcttataaacgctatttagagaatcaaatccgtgc
cgcttttggttttgaaggtacaccaattcatattatagctcgaaagagaaattaa
>Potential gene 2:831..1829, 999 bp
atgactaaaattaccgtttttggtatgggaagttttgggacagcccttgccaatgttcttgcagaaaatg
gacatgatgttttgatgtggggtaaaaatcaagatgctgttgatgaattaaatacatgtcatacaaataa
aaagtatttaaaatacgcgaaattagatgttaacatcatcgctacttcagatatgaccaaagcaattcaa
tttgcagatatttacttaatggctttacctactaaagcaatgcgagaagttgctactcaaattaatgata
agctgacctctaaaaagacttttatacatgttgctaaaggtattgaaaatgggacgtttaaacgtgtgtc
agaaatgattgaagattctatttcacccgaatataatgcaggtattggcgtgttgtcagggccaagtcat
gcggaagaagttgtagtcaagcaaccaactacagttgctgcatcatcaaaagataaaagtgtaagtaaat
taacgcaagatttatttatgaatgattatttgcgtgtgtacacgaatgatgacttgattggtgttgaact
tggtggtgcattgaaaaatatcatcgcagtagcaagtggtatcgtagctggaattggctacggtgataat
gcaaaagctgcgttaatgactcgtggtttagcggaaattagtagattaggtgaaaagttaggtgccgatc
ctatgacatttctaggtttaggtggtatcggtgacttaatcgttacttgcacatcaacacattctcgaaa
tttcacattaggatataaacttggacaaggtgaatcaatggatcaagcattatctgaaatgaatatggtt
gttgaaggtatttatacaactaaatcagtttatcatttagctaaagaaaaaaatgtggatatgccaatta
caaatgcattatatagagtattatttgaaaatatctcagtaaaagaatgcgtaaaagatttaatggagcg
cgataaaaaatctgaataa
>Potential gene 3:1912..2052, 141 bp
atgattgcgatttatgtaatgcttgtgttaaagttttaccataatgatataaacatatcattatcaaacc
tcaggaggtgaatgtctaatgaacaaaacagatttaatcaatgcagttgcagagcaagctgatttaacta
a
>Potential gene 4:2000..2272, 273 bp
atgaacaaaacagatttaatcaatgcagttgcagagcaagctgatttaactaaaaaagaagctggttcag
cagtagatgctgtattcgaatcaatccaaaactcacttgctaaaggtgaaaaagtacaattaattggttt
cggtaactttgaggtacgtgaacgtgctgcacgtaaaggtcgtaaccctcaaactggtaaagaaattgat
atcccagcaagtaaagttccagcattcaaagctggtaaagcattaaaagatgctgtaaaataa
>Potential gene 5:2616..3275, 660 bp
atgataagtaatcttaatgcttcaaaagattttaatttcttacatataatgttaatatgaatagtgataa
tatcgtgaggtgtagacatggaaacaactgttagcaaattggaaagacaaatagaagaaagattaaaggg
tgtatcagaatatgaatccattaatattaatcatcggttaggtaagttacttgattcatatgatattcca
gatgttgccaaagtagcatgcctcacaattgacacatcaatgagacaccttgatgacattacatataatc
atttgtctaaacattccattttgattggagatttaattagtgcgcatttttatacgctactagcagaaat
caatgatttatcatttcaaaatgaaattagtaaagcaattgttgaaattaatgaattgaaatcttcatta
catcatcaagctttaaatgattatgaaatttctcaagcaatagtaaaaattgaaacacttttcccatata
ttacgttatctcatttcggtatcaatattgatgagtcggaaatatataattatttatttgaagatatgtc
tgattactatccatcatacttcaagaaatataatcaaagtgaagtaaagcattacttacacgatatccaa
aaaagttatttaaaaagtagaggtaattaa
>Potential gene 6:3278..4003, 726 bp
atggctgacaataaagcaaataaagagcaagtacatcgcgtttttcaaaatatttcaaaaaaatatgaca
aattaaataatattattagttttgagcagcataaagtatggagaaaacgcgtcatgaaagacatgggtgt
tagaaaagggacgaaagcattagatgtttgttgtggtactggtgattggacaatcgcattaagcaaagct
gtaggaccaacaggtgaagttactggtattgactttagtgagaatatgttagaagtaggaaaagaaaaaa
ctgcttcaatggaaaatgttaaacttgttcatggtgatgcaatggaattgccgtttgaagacaattcttt
tgattatgtaacaattgggtttggattaaggaatgtgccagactatttagtcgcgttaaaagaaatgaat
agagtacttaaaccaggtggtatggtggtatgtcttgaaacgagccaaccaactttgccagtctttaaac
aaatgtatgcattatactttaaatttgttatgcctatttttgggaaattatttgcaaaatcaaaagaaga
atatgaatggttacagcaatctacgtttaattttcctggaaaagaagagttgaagcgcatgtttgaagaa
gcgggtttcataaatgtaagagtacgtagttttacagggggcgttgctgcaatgcaccttggctataaag
aaaaagataataccaaaggtgattaa
>Potential gene 7:4020..4964, 945 bp
atgaacaatgaaattaagaaagtggaacaacgacttgaaaaggcaataaaaagtaaagattctgtattag
aacaggcatcattacacttattatcttctggtggtaaaagagtacgcccagcatttgtaattctgagtag
ccaatttggcaaagatgaacaaacgtctgaacaaacgtatcaagttgcagtcgcattagagttaattcat
atggcaacacttgttcatgatgacgttattgataaaagcgacaagcgtcgaggcaagttaaccatatcaa
agaaatgggatcagacaactgctattttaactgggaattttttattggcattaggacttgaacacttaat
ggccgttaaagataatcgtgtacatcaattaatatctgaatctatagttgatgtttgtagaggggaactt
ttccaatttcaagaccaatttaacagtcaacagacaattatcaattacttacgacgtatcaatcgcaaaa
cagcactgttaattcaattatcaactgaagttggtgcaattacatctcaatctgataaagagactgtacg
aaaattgaaaatgattggtcattatataggtatgagcttccaaatcattgatgatgtattagacttcaca
agtaccgaaaagaaattaggtaagccggtcggaagtgatttgttgaatggtcatattactttgcctattt
tattggaaatgagaaaaaatccagaattcaaagtgaaaattgagcaattacgacgtgatagtgaacgtaa
agaatttgaagaatgtatccaaatcattagaaaatctgacagcatcgatgaggctaaggcagtaagttcg
aagtatttaagtaaagctttggatttgatttctgagttaccagatggacatccgaaatcactacttttaa
gtttgacgaaaaaaatgggttcaagaaacacgtag
>Potential gene 8:5074..5505, 432 bp
atgattaaaccagatgcagtacaaagaaatctaattggtgaagtaatttcaagaattgaaagaaaaggac
taaaacttgtcggtggtaaattaatgcaagtaccaatggaacttgctgaaacacattatggtgaacacca
aggtaaaccattttataatgatttaatttcatttattacatcagcaccagtgttcgcaatggtagttgaa
ggtgaagatgcagttaatgtatctagacatattattggcagcacaaatccttcagaagcttcaccaggat
caattagaggtgatttaggtttaactgttggtagaaatatcattcacggttcagattcattagagtctgc
tgaacgtgaaattaatctatggtttaatgaaaatgaaattactagctatgcttcaccacgtgatgcatgg
ttatatgaataa
>Potential gene 9:5579..5845, 267 bp
atgagagtcagtataaaaataatttttgttataggattaagtggtttatctaaaaatatagcaccatata
ataattccattgattttaagaacattaaaatccctaaaataattgaaataatattcttcattctatcaac
cccttcttttagtttagtttcatttgataaagaatattcctctctttttaatacgtgttaccaaaaaaac
tataaaatttttcaagtaatttactacaacataaaaaacgggccttgttatgtataa
>Potential gene 10:6236..7468, 1233 bp
atgaatgtgataagattaacaacatattataatgttattgcggaagtatgaaaggagcgagtgtgtatga
gatatctaacttcaggagaatcacatggacctcaattaacagttattgtcgaaggtataccagcaaattt
agaaattaaagttgaagatattaataaagaaatgttcaagcgtcaaggtggttatggtcgtggccgacgc
atgcaaattgagaaagatacagtagagattgtttcgggtgtgagaaatggttatacattaggtagcccta
ttacaatggttgttactaatgatgattttacacattggcgaaaaattatgggtgctgcgccaataagcga
cgaagaacgagaaaatatgaaacgtacaattacgaagccaagaccgggacatgcagatttagttggcggt
atgaaatataatcatcgtgacttacgaaatgtattagaacgttcatctgccagagaaacagcagcacgtg
tagctgtcggtgcattatgcaaagttttattagaacaattagatatcgaaatatacagtcgtgttgttga
gataggtggcattaaagataaagatttttatgattcagaaacatttaaagcaaaccttgatcgaaatgac
gtccgtgtaattgatgatggcatcgcacaagcaatgcgcgataaaattgatgaagcgaaaaacgatggtg
attcaatagggggcgtagttcaagttgtagttgaaaatatgcctgttggtgtaggtagttatgtacatta
tgatcgtaaattagatggaagaatagcacagggtgtcgttagtattaatgcatttaaaggtgtaagtttt
ggagaaggatttaaagcagctgaaaagcctggtagcgaaattcaagacgaaattctctacaatactgaat
tgggctattatcgtgggtcaaatcacttaggtggtttagaaggcggtatgtcaaatggaatgccaattat
cgttaatggtgtaatgaaacctattcctacgttatataaaccattaaattcagttgatataaatactaaa
gaagactttaaggcaacaattgaacgttctgatagttgtgctgttcctgcagcaagtatcgtctgcgaac
atgtcgtagcatttgaaattgcgaaagcattattggaagaattccaatcaaatcatattgagcaacttaa
acaacaaattattgagcgcagacaattaaatattgagttttaa
>Potential gene 11:7494..8558, 1065 bp
atgaaattacaaacaacctatccttcaaacaattatccaatatttgttgaacatggtgcaattgaccata
ttagcacgtatattgatcagtttgatcaaagttttatattaattgacgagcatgtaaatcaatattttgc
tgataaatttaatgatattttatcttttggaaatgtacataaagttattattccagctggtgaaaagacg
aaaacatttgagcaatatcaagaaacattagaatacattttgtcacatcatgtaacgcgtaatacagcga
ttatagctgttggtggtggtgcgacaggagattttgcaggatttattgcggcgacacttttacgaggtgt
tcactttatacaagtgccaacgactatactagcgcatgattctagcgttggcggtaaagtgggtattaac
tcaaagcaaggtaaaaaccttatcggtgcattttatcgtccagatgctgtaatttatgacttagactttt
taaatactttgccatttgatgaaatattgagtggctatgcggaagtatataagcatgccttattaaatgg
taaatctgctacacatgacatcgagcaacattttaaagatcgagcgtcattacaatcattaaatggaatt
gataaatatataactaaaggcattgaaacaaaattaaatatcgttgttgctgatgaaaaagagcaaggtg
ttcgaaagtatttaaatttaggacatacatttggtcatgccgtggagtataaccacaaaattgcacacgg
tcatgccgtaatgataggcataatatatcaatttattgttgcgaatatattgttcaattctaatcacgat
atccaacattatattaattatttaacgaaattaggttatcctttagaaacaataaccgacatagatttcg
aaacgatatatcaatacatgctaagtgataaaaagaatgataagcaaggtgtacaaatggtcttgattaa
acattttggagatatcgttgtacaacatgttgatcaactaacattacaacatgcatgtgaacaattaaaa
acatattttaagtag
>Potential gene 12:8568..9866, 1299 bp
atggtaaatgaacaaatcattgatatttcaggtccgttaaagggcgaaatagaagtgccgggcgataaat
caatgacacaccgtgcaatcatgttggcgtcgctagctgaaggtgtatctactatatataagccactact
tggcgaagattgtcgtcgtacgatggacattttccgactgttaggtgtagaaatcaaagaagatgatgaa
aaattagttgtgacttccccaggatatcaatcttttaacacgccacatcaagtattgtatacaggtaatt
ctggtacgacaacacgattattggcaggtttgttaagtggtttaggtattgaaagtgtcttgtctggaga
tgtttccataggtaaaaggccgatggatcgtgttttaagaccgttaaaaagtatgaatgcaaatattgaa
ggaattgaagacaattacaccccattaatcattaaaccgtctgtaattaaaggtattaattacaagatgg
aagtggcaagtgcacaagtgaaaagtgccatcttattcgcaagtctattttctaaggaaccgaccatcat
taaagaattagatgtaagtcgaaatcatactgagacgatgttcagacattttaatattccaattgaagca
gaagggttatcaattactacaacccctgaagcaattcgatacattaaacctgcagattttcatgttcctg
gcgatatttcatctgcagcgttctttattgttgcagcacttatcacaccaggaagtgatgtaacaattca
taatgttggaatcaatccaacacgttcaggtattattgatattgttgaaaaaatgggcggtaatattcaa
cttttcaatcaaacaactggtgctgaacctactgcttctattcgtatacaatacacaccaatgcttcaac
caataacaatcgaaggagaattagtgccaaaagcaattgatgaactgcctgtaatagcattactttgtac
acaagcagttggcacgagtacaattaaagatgccgaggaattaaaagtaaaagaaacaaatagaattgat
acaacggctgatatgttaaacttgttagggtttgaattacaaccaactaatgatggattgattattcatc
cgtcagaatttaaaacaaatgcaacagttgatagtttaactgatcatcgaataggaatgatgcttgcagt
tgcttctctactttcaagcgagccagtcaaaatcaaacaatttgatgccgtaaatgtatcatttccagga
tttttaccaaaactaaagcttttagaaaatgagggataa
>Potential gene 13:9873..11117, 1245 bp
atggaagatatctataaattaatagacgatatcaatctacaaaaactagaaaatttagactctcgtgtta
atgaagcaataactactgacaacgatgacgcattatttattctaggagagacactttacaattttggatt
aatgccacaaggtttggaagtattccgcgtgttatatcacaaatatccagacgaaagtgaattgctgatt
tattttattgaaggtttaatgtctgaaaatcaaactgacgaagcgttagaatatttaagttatgttgaac
catcacctgaaaagttgatgttagaagcagatttatatcaacaaattaatatgatggaagttgctattga
taaattacaagaagcacttgaactagagccaaatgatccaataatccattttgcattggctgaaatgtta
tattatgatggtcaatatttacgtgctacctctgaatacgaaaccgttttagaaactggtgaatatcaag
ttaatggtgtaaacttattctctcgtatggcagattgtagtttacaaagtggtaactatagtgatgcgat
tcgcttatacgatgaaattaatgaagatgaaatgacttcagaagattatctcaaaaaagccatttcttac
gataaaaatgacatcactcaagaagcaattaaaataatgactacattactttctaaagatcctgattata
ttcaaggctacttgtatttacaatcattatatgaaaatgaaaaaaattatccagatgctattgaaacggg
taaagaaggattacgactaagtcaattttataaagagttaatgtatacaactggatgtttggaaatagaa
cacggcgatgctaatgaaggtgtattattgttaaaacaagcattagaggttgataatgcttaccaagaac
ctttattgattttaagcgatttatatcgtaatgaagaagattatgaagcaatcattgaattattaacata
tgtagatgaagaagatttggatcctacattcatgtggcatttagcgttcgcctatggtcaagaagagcga
gataaagaagctcaacatttctttgaattagcatatccaacgatgaaaacaaatattgattttatgagtg
attattatttctatttaattgaaattggtcaaaaggaacaagcaattactattttaaatcaattgttgga
actagagccaagtaacgaaaattggcatgacgaattatcaagattgcaatcttaa
>Potential gene 14:11089..11706, 618 bp
atgacgaattatcaagattgcaatcttaaaatggggtatttgatgtcagagacactcaatcaaattaaag
aaagttttattgaatatttactttttcaatatcgatttaagtcgcgtattgcagtttgggtgcttaacta
tataaaagtgaatgaggcgaaattggcaaacactcattttgtagatacaaaaattaatcatcatgaaaca
ttagaaattgcagaagtgggaagtcacgcttctgcaattcaatttactaagcgtaatataaagttaatga
atacaaatgaaatatttgattatatcgctaatcataactgtgcttttgatattcaaattcacttcgcaaa
cgtgtcaaagcgtgagcaaaggctagatgatttaatagttgctcaactaacggaatcgcccagttatcaa
acttatcttcatgacttaaatagtatggctatagatcggcataaacatgcgttattaatagattacttgt
tacacaatattgatttaagtttacagatgaatgaaaagcaacgtttttatcaactaacgcaaattttaaa
tacactcaagctagtaaataaacataatcaatttgaggacttagcagatgacgattaa
>Potential gene 15:11696..12310, 615 bp
atgacgattaatacattttggcaatatacactttatcaacgttcttggttaatgatgctactcatttgta
atatattagggatgatttatggttatatatggtatggtgaacaattaagtcatacgccgtggcattttaa
gatttttgttccagatagcccaactgcaatattatacttagttatttctatctcattgatattaattcaa
aaacaaaatagtattatcgatgcactggcatttgtaacattattcaaatatgggatttgggcagttataa
tgaatatattatttattattgaacaaggtgatattacagtaaatggtttggtattaatgttttcccacag
tataatggctgttcaggcaatttacttctatcctaggtttaaacgttctatgattggaatcagtgtagcg
atgatttgggtatttttgaatgattatattgactattttcaccttcaatttccatattatgattttataa
ctacacatgtgtggcaaattggtgtattatcatgttgtctaagtgtttttggacttttgctttatattga
attaaacaaattattaaagtgtaaatgatttgataaaaacggcaaatgacagtaa
>Potential gene 16:12355..13035, 681 bp
atgataatttatttcgtaatattaatggtgcttcctttatgggcacaacacaaagttaaatctaactatg
agaaatattcacaagttagatcaactagtggtaaaacgggtcgtgaagttgcattagaaattttacatgc
aaacggtatttatgatgtcgaagttgttaaaggtgaaggattcttaacagatcattacgatcctaaaaag
aaagttgtttcactatctcctgcaaactatgacagaccatcagttgctggaactgcaattgcagcccacg
aagttggtcatgccattcaagatcaccaaggatattggttcttaagattcagagcagcattagtacctgt
tgcaaacctagggagttcattaagttatatgatcatcatgttaggtattatcttaacagcgataggtagt
gcatttggttcaactgctttatggattggtgctggtttaatgtcattagcggtattattctcaattgtta
cgttaccagttgagtttgatgcgagttcaagagcgatgaaacaaattacggcattgaacattgtaaatga
aaaagaatacaagcatgcgcgtaaagtattatctgcagcagcaatgacttatgttgcagcaactgctgtc
gctgtagcagagcttgtacgtattattttgattgcgcgttcaagtgattaa
>Potential gene 17:13348..13695, 348 bp
atgcaatataaggagaacgtagaaatgaaatcaatggtagaaatgcaacgtgaagttgatgaatatattg
gacaatttaaaacaggatatttttcaccattagctaacttagctagattgactgaagaagtgggcgaact
tgcacgtgaaataaatcatacctatggtgaaaaaaagaagaaagattcagaggaagcaaatacgattaaa
gcagaattaggtgataatttatttgtgttgttatgtttagcgaattcaatgggaatagatatgacagaga
gctttaatgaaactatggaaaagtttaatacaagagataaaaatcgattcgaaagaaagtgaatataa
>Potential gene 18:13915..15069, 1155 bp
atgggcaagcgaatgaagataggtataacatgttacccgtccatgggtggttctggaattattgccacag
aattaggaattaaattagcagagcgaggtcacgaagtacattttatcacttcaaatatcccgtttagaat
aagaaaaccattaccgaatatgatttttcatcaagttgaagtgaatcaatatgcagtatttcaatatcca
ccgtatgatattacgttaagtactaaaatcgctgaagttattaaagaatatgatcttgatttgttgcata
tgcactatgctgtacctcatgcaatttgtggtattttagctcgtgagatgtcaggtaaagatataaaaat
tatgacaacgctacacggtactgatattactgttttgggctatgatcattcactccaaggtgcaattaaa
tttggcattgaaaaaagtgatattgtgacaagtgtgagtaaatctttagcgcaagaaacacatgaaatta
tcgaaactaacaaagaaattataccgatttataattttgtacgtgaaaatgagtttccaactaaacataa
cacagcactaaaatcacaatttggtatagcaccagatgaaaaagtgttaatacatgtatcgaattttaga
caagtaaaacgcatagatactattatagaaacatttgcaaaagtacgtgaaaagatacctagtaaattaa
ttttacttggagatggtcctgaattagtgccaatgcgtcaattgacgaaagagttaaacgtagaagagga
tgttttatttttagggaagcaagattgcgtaagtgaattttatcaattatctgacttagtattattatta
agtgaaaaagaaagctttggactaactttacttgaggctatgaaaacaggcgtcgttccaattggttcaa
atgccggtggaattaaagaggttattaaacatggtgaaactggatttgttgtagatgtgggtgattgtga
ttcagcgagtgactatgctatccgattacttgaagataaggcgttatacaacaaacttcagaaaaacatg
ctagcagatattgctgaacgttttggatcagaactcattacagatcaatatgagtattattatcaaaaaa
tgctaaatgaacataacaaaagtaaaggcgagtaa
>Potential gene 19:15041..16276, 1236 bp
atgaacataacaaaagtaaaggcgagtaataatatggataaatcattatttgaacaggcaaggcctatat
tagaacaaattcaagacaatggttttgaagcatattatgtaggtggctctgtaagagattatgtcatggg
aagaaatattcatgatatagatatcacaacaagtgcaacgccggatgaaatagaatcaatctttagtcat
acgatacctgtaggtaaagaacatggcacgataaatgtagtttttaatgatgaaaattatgaagtgacaa
cattccgggctgaagaagattatgtcgatcaccgtagaccaagtggtgttacatttgttcgtgatttata
cgaagatttgcaacgaagagatttcacgatgaatgcgatagcaatggatacagcatacaaattgtatgat
tattttgatggtcaacaagatattaataatcgaataataagaactgtaggtatagctgaggaacgattcc
aagaagatgctttacgtatgattcgatgtttaagattccagtcacaattatcatttgatattgcaacgga
aacattcgaagcgatgcgtacacaaatggcagatattaaatttttatcaattgagcgtatagtgattgaa
ctaactaaattaatgcgaggtattaatgttgaagagagttttaatcatttaaaatcgctgaaagcattta
attatatgccatatttcgaacatcttgatatgaatcaaattaatgtgactgaagcaattgatttagaatt
attgattgctatagcatcagttaaatttgatattaattactcattgaagcctttaaagctaagtaaccga
caagtaaaagatatcaatcaatatattcaaattatgaatgcattaccaagtattattacaaaagaacaat
taaaaatgtttgtttatgattatgatacgaatctcattaaaaatgtaatggttgcagcagacgtgttaaa
ggcaaatgatattcaaggacatgaaccattaatcgttaaccttcaaacgattgatgaaacattacatcgt
ttacctatgcataatagaaaagacatgatggttaatggcggtgtacttatggcacatttaaatgccaaaa
gtggtccatggttaaaagatgtgctaagacaaattgagatagcgattgtaacaggtaaagtaagcaacga
agaaactgaaattttgaaatgggtggataatcatgtcaaaatatag
>Potential gene 20:16263..17234, 972 bp
atgtcaaaatatagtcaagatgtacttcaattactctataaaaataaaccgaattatatatctggacaaa
gcattgcggaatcacttaatatatcgcgcactgcagtaaaaaaagtgattgaccaattaaaattagaggg
atgtaaaatagattcagtaaatcataaagggcatttattacaacagctcccagatatttggtatcaaggt
ataatagaccaatatacaaaaagttctgctttgtttgattttagtgaagtatacgattcaatagattcta
cacaacttgctgcgaaaaagtcacttgttggaaatcaatcttcattttttatcttgagtgatgaacaaac
gaaaggtcgtgggcgatttaatagacattggagttcttcaaaagggcaaggactttggatgtctgtcgtg
ttaagacctaacgttgcattctcaatgatatctaaatttaatttatttattgcattagggataagagatg
cgattcaacattttagtcaagatgaagtcaaagtgaaatggccgaatgatatatatattgataatggtaa
agtgtgtggtttcttaactgaaatggttgctaataatgatggtatagaagcaataatatgtggtataggt
attaatttgacgcaacaactagatgactttgatgaaagtattagacatagagcaacaagtatacaattaa
atgataaaaataaattagatagatatcaatttttagagagattacttcaagaaattgaaaaaagatataa
tcaatttttaacgttacctttttctgaaattcgtgaagaatatattgcagcttctaatatttggaataga
acgttgctatttacagaaaatgataaacagtttaaaggacaagcaattgatttagattacgatggctatc
taattgttagagatgaagcgggtgaatcacaccgtttaattagtgcagatatagatttttaa
>Potential gene 21:17258..19963, 2706 bp
atgggtatggcaacctatgccgttgtggatttggaaacaacaggcaaccaattagattttgacgatatca
ttcaaattggtataacgtttgtgcgcaataaccaaattattgatacatatcattctatgattagaacaaa
tttagagattccgccattcattcaagcgttaacatccattgaagaaaatatgctacaacaagcgccatat
tttaatcaagttgcacaagaaatctacgataagataaaagattgcatttttgtcgctcataatgtagatt
ttgatttaaattttattaaaaaggcatttaaagattgtaatattcaatatcgtcccaaaaaagttataga
tacactagaaatctttaaaatagcttttcctacagataaaagttatcaattaagtgaattagcagaagca
catggtattaacttagcaaatgcccatcgagctgacgaggatgccgctactactgctaaattgatgatat
tagcttttgaaaaatttgaaaagttaccgttagatactttaaagcaattatattatttaagtaaacagtt
gaaatacgatttgtatgatattttctttgagatggttaggcaatatgatgcaaagccattggataaatcg
tacgaaaagttcgaacagattatctatcgtaagcaagttgattttaaaaagccgacaacaaattataatg
gcagcttgaagtctttatatagcaaagctgtagatcaacttggcttaacatatcgaccgcagcaattata
tttagcggaaactatattagatcagctcatgcatagtgaaaaagcaatgattgaagcatcactaggcagt
ggtaaatcattagcatatttacttgcggccttgatgtataatattgaaactggaaagcatgttatgattt
ctaccaataccaaattactgcaaagtcaattgttagaaaaagatattccagcaatgaatgaagcgttaaa
ttttaaaattaatgcactattgattaaaagtaaaagtgattacatttcattggggcttattagtcaaatt
ttaaaagatgacacaagtaactacgaagtgaatatcttgaaaatgcaattgctgatttggattacagaga
cgccgtccggagatatacaggaattaaatttaaaaggtggtcaaaagatgtattttgaccagaaaattga
aacatatgtaccggcacgtcacgatgtccattattataattttattaagcgaaatgcacagaacattcaa
attggtattacaaatcatgcacatttaattcattctgatgttgaaaattcaatatatcaattgtttgatg
attgtatagtggatgaagcacatcgcttaccagactatgccttaaatcaagtgacaaatgagttgagtta
tgctgatattaaatatcagcttggtttgattggtaaaaacgaaaatgaaaaattgttaaaggcaattgat
caactggaaaagcagcgaattttggaaaagttagatattgcaccaattgatatttttggcttgaaggcta
gtatgaatgagattcatgagttaaatgagcaattgttttcaacgatatttacgattatcaatgattctga
tgtttatgatgatgatattcatcgcttccataatgtatttacttttgaaacaaaagacattttgaaggat
ttacatgcgattatcgataagttaaataaaacgctagaaatattcaatggcattagtcataaaacagtta
aatcattacggaaacagttgttgtatttaaaagataaatttaaaaatatcgaacaaagtttaaaagctgg
acatactagtttcatttcaattaaaaatttatctcaaaaatcaacaatacgtttatatgtgaaagattac
gctgtaaaagatgtattaacgaaacaagtattggaaaaatttaaatcactcatttttatatctggtactt
taaaatttaatcattcgtttgaagcttttaaacagttattcaacaaagatgttcactttaatacatttga
agttaacacgtcgttacaaagtgcaaaaaatacaagtgtatttataccgagtgatgtagcatcttatcaa
tataaaaatatagatgagtatgtagcatcgattgtaagctatattattgaatatacgactataacgtcat
caaaatgtttagtcttatttacgagttataaaatgatgcatatggtacaagatatgctaaatgaattgcc
agaatttgaagattatgttgtattaacacaacagcagaaccaaaattataaaatagtacaacagtttaat
aattttgataaggccatactgcttggtacgtcaacattttttgaaggttttgattttcaagcaaatggta
ttaaatgtgtgatgatagcgaagttaccgtttatgaacaagcataatgcaaaatattggcttatggattc
tgaattcacttcaactttcaaggaatatgtattacctgatgcagttacacgttttagacaaggacttgga
agattaattagaaatgaaaatgatcgcggcataatagtttcatttgatgatcgactcataaacagtaatt
ataaaaacttttttgaacaaacacttgaaaattatcgtcagaaaaaaggcgacattcaacagtttggaaa
attattaagacaaattcaaaaaaagaaaaagtgaaatacaaagtaa
>Potential gene 22:20267..21565, 1299 bp
atggttatgaaaacaacgattaaacaagcgaaagatcatttaaaccaagacgttacaattggtgcttggc
taacaaataaacgttcaagtggtaaaatcgcctttttacaattacgtgatggaacaggctttatgcaagg
cgtagtagttaaatcagaagttgatgaagaggtattcaaacttgcgaaagaaattactcaagaatcatct
ctatatgttacaggcacaattacagaagataatcgttctgacttaggatacgaaatgcaagtgaaatcaa
ttgaagttatttcagaagcgcatgactatccgattacacctaaaaatcatggtacagaattcttaatgga
tcaccgtcatttatggttacgttctaaaaaacaacatgctgtaatgaaaattagaaatgaagttattcgt
gcaacgtatgaatttttcaacaaagatggatttacaaaggttgatccaccaattttgacagcaagtgcgc
cagaaggtacaagtgaattattccatactaaatactttgatcaagatgcgtttttatctcaaagtggtca
gttatacttagaagctgcagctatggcacacggaaaagtattttcatttggtccaactttcagagctgaa
aaatcaaaaacacgtagacacttgatcgagttctggatgattgaaggggaaatggctttcacaaatcatg
ctgaaagtttagaaattcaagaacaatatgtaacacatgttgtaaaatcagttttagaaaattgtaaact
agagttgaaaatgttagagcgtgatacatcaaaacttgaaaaagttgcgacaccattccctagaatttca
tatgatgatgcaattgaattcttaaaagcagaaggctttgatgatattgaatggggcgaagattttggtg
cgccacatgaaacagccattgctaatcattatgatttaccggtgtttattactaattatccaactaaaat
taagcctttctatatgcaaccaaatcctgaaaatgaagaaactgtattatgtgcagacttaattgcacct
gaaggatacggtgaaattataggtggatctgaacgtgtggatgacttagaattgttagaacaacgcgtta
aagaacatggattagacgaagaagcatatagttactacttagacttacgtcgttatggtagtgtgccaca
ctgtggatttggtttaggtttagagcgtacagtagcatggatttctggtgttgaacacgttcgtgaaact
gcgccattcccaagattattaaaccgtttatatccataa
>Potential gene 23:21893..22579, 687 bp
atggataaatatcaattaaaagcaagacctgtagtgatacgaagagaattattagaccattacagtgact
taggtttagatgagcaagatttagtcattttgcttaaattgatttatgcttccgaaacatcaaataaaca
gccttcaattgaattacttcagaagggctcaactatgcaaccacgtgatattacaatggttattcaaaat
ttgatacaacgtgaattgctagaattacaagttcaaaaagatgaagaaggtagatttaccgaatatatga
atctagatccttttttcgaaaaattaagtcatatattgaagcaacaaagtatggaaacgaaagagcaaaa
tagtaaagaaaaatttaaacaattatttagagttttagaggatacatttgcaaggccgttatctccatat
gaaatagaaacgttaaatcaatggattgatgttgataaacacgatactgcaattatacaagcggcattag
acgaggcgaatagtttgaataaacttagctttaaatatatggatcgtattttacttaattggaagaaaaa
caatgttaaaacaattgacgattctagaaaaataagagaaaaattcaataaaccgaaaatgacgcacaca
gttaaaacggtacctaaatttgattggttaaacggggagaaccttgatggtaagtaa
>Potential gene 24:22569..23231, 663 bp
atggtaagtaagaaaaaagcattagaaatgattgatgttatagcaaatatgtttccggatgcagaatgtg
aattaaaacatgataatccgttcgaattaactattgctgtattattgtcagcgcaatgtacagacgttct
agtaaatagagtaacaactgagctgtttaaaaaatacaaaacgcctgaagattatttggcagtcagtgat
gaagaacttatgaatgatattcgttctatcggtctgtatcgtaacaaagctaagaatattaagaaacttt
gtcaatctttgattgatcaatttaatggagaaataccacaaacacataaggaattagaaagtttagcagg
tgtaggacgtaaaactgctaatgtagtcatgagtgtagcatttgatgaaccttcgttagctgttgatacg
catgtagaacgtgtttctaaacgcttaggtattaatcgttggaaagataatgtgagacaggtagaagacc
gtttatgttctgtcatacctagagatagatggaataggagccatcatcaactcattttctttggaagata
ccactgtttagcccgaaaacctaaatgcgatatttgtccactattagaagattgtagagaaggacaaaaa
cgttataaagctagtttgaaagaagcgtgataa
>Potential gene 25:23233..23574, 342 bp
atgacaaatattacaaaagaggtatttgataatttagaacaagagattgatgtatttgccaaaaataaga
cattaggttctagtgaagcaaaaccttacttggatgaataccatagtaaaattattgattattttaagca
ggttaatgacatcactggcaatattgattttgataatttaaatcaatatcctgttgtgccaatgaatttt
aaagaaagatatgattatatgattgaacgtaaatatcattttatgggctatcgacaaatgaagaccttta
aaactgaattgattaaaatgaatgctagttatcaaacaaggttaaagaataagcaggtatag
>Potential gene 26:23641..23808, 168 bp
atgttagatgtcgtgtcattacaacgtcttaatataaaaactgtccatctacatcataatggatatcttg
aggtatgctttaagatatctatttcgaatcgtaggtggatttcttatatctatgattgtgaaaatatgtt
gcaaacatgttgatatttcactgattaa
>Potential gene 27:24092..24538, 447 bp
atgggtgctaagacaggtactggtacttacggtgctgaaacttattcacaatataatttacctgataatg
cagcgaaagacgtgtggattaacggctttacacctcaatacactatgtcagtgtggatgggcttcagcaa
agttaaacaatatggtgaaaactcatttgtgggacatagccaacaagaatatccacagttcttatatgaa
aatgtgatgtcaaaaatttcatctagagatggcgaagactttaaacgtcctagctcagtaagtggtagta
tcccatcaatcaatgtttctggtagtcaagataacaacactacaaatcgtagtgcacacggtggtagtga
cacatcagcaaacagcagtggtactgcacaatcaaataacaatactagatctcaacaatctagaaacagc
ggtggattaacaggtatattcaactaa
