>Potential gene 1:475..624, 150 bp
atggctttgagccaaccaaaaagagaaatcgtcagtctattattgacaagtattaccctatcatcgaaaa
attactttcagactctagtgaacaaaagttctactataagcgtattctttggcaatatttgaaggataaa
catgggttaa
>Potential gene 2:1084..1281, 198 bp
atgattatgagaaaagagattgaagcgcttattttctcagacgtaagtagctatgatatttacgtgaaca
ctggtgtaaatcaaggattaattggtgacatcaaagatggttacctaactattgattctatgccttacat
tgatgctgagcgtttgtatcactttgctatggaacgtaaatcgttagtcactaactag
>Potential gene 3:1815..2633, 819 bp
atgatgattcattcaaagaaattaacgctcggtatatgcttggtattactcattatattgattgtaggtt
atgtcattatgacaaaaacaaatggtcgaaacgcccaaattaaagacacatttaatcaaacattaaaatt
atatccaaccaaaaatctcgatgatttttacgataaagaaggctttcgagatcaagaatttaaaaagggt
gataaaggtacttggatagttaattctgaaatggtaatcgagccaaaaggtaaggatatggaaacgagag
gaatggtgctctatatcaatcgcaatactagaaccacaaaagggtattattttataagtgaaatgacaga
tgacagtaacggcaggccaaaggatgatgaaaaaaggtatccggtaaaaatggaacataataaaatcata
ccaacgaagccactaccgaatgacaagttaagaaaagaaatcgaaaactttaaattctttgtacaatacg
gtgactttaaagatattaatgattataaagatggtgacatttcatataatcctaatgttccaagttattc
cgcaaaatatcaattgaaaaacgatgactacaatgtgaagcaacttcgaaaaagatatgatattccaacc
aacaaagctccgaaattattaataaaaggtgatggtgatttaaaaggctcatctgtaggatcaaaaaatc
tagaatttacctttgtagaaaataaagaagaaaacatttattttacagattctgtacaatatactccaag
tgagggtacaagttatgagtcaaactgaatatcaaataaaacctggtaa
>Potential gene 4:3166..3405, 240 bp
atgaaggaaaaagaacagattagtgaggttattgcgcctgaacatgttcggatgcatcatgatcatcaaa
ataagctgaaaagtgatgagaaaatattacttgaccaaatggtaagtcattttaaaaaatttgaagatga
ttttaaaaatgcggcacaaggggcttgggtgaaaaatgccacagacgaattaaaagatattagtaatgat
ttagaaaaaattcaagatattaaagtataa
>Potential gene 5:3456..3782, 327 bp
atgtttactacgtataaaaatattaatgaacttgaaaatgcctatgatgaagaaagaaaacaattgaatg
atgcattcaatcaaattgatgaattaagacatcaaacacgcaagaaatgtgaacaaatgtatgatcattt
cttatatctcaaacataaaatgaattatagtgaagacgctatgatcaggatgacacgtattatagaatct
ttcgatagagaaacgaatcaacgtatccgacatcacgaaatgaaattagaagattataaagatgagttaa
gaagagaatatctaaaacaatctgacagaattgaaggagatgaataa
>Potential gene 6:3782..5056, 1275 bp
atgatgaaatcagattatcaaattaattcaggtaatataacaagtcattctgaagaaacaagtgcagtgt
caaaaattggctatgaaattgaaaatgccaataataataatttgggggtagaaaaaatcaggaggcaaat
tgtaaagttacaaaaaaaggacagtttccctaaaaatttaaaatatgtcgatagttatacagacccaaaa
acaggtacgactacaagtgcctttttaaataaagacacaggcaaagttactttaggtatgacaggtacta
atgtaaacaaagatgcaagtgaaacgctaaaggattttggggccgatgtcaatattggccttcatatagt
cacagataaagatccacattataaaaatacccaagactttatcaaaaatatcaaaaaagactatgatatt
gatattattaccggacattcgctgggcggtagagatgcgatgattttaggtatgagtaatgatattaaac
atatcgttgtgtataatccagcgccattagcgatcaaagatgtgagtggtctttatgccgatgaagatga
acttaaaaaattgattgaaaagtacgatggtcacattgtaaggttcgtgtctgatgaagacgaattagat
gcagttgtccgcaatcatttatatgaaactgctggggaaaaaatagtacttaaaaatggagaaggccatt
caatgagtggttttttaataagcggaacacaggctataatcttagccgaattaaacaaagttaaaggcta
tcaagacgaaaataataaatcattaaaatccgttcgtaaacaaacgaggcatagattacataaagtagag
acgttaagagcgaattggattcaaacaacgggtggatcactctcttcctcccaacaacaattattagaag
ctttaacagcactaaccattgccgaaggcttaaatcaattagtgaatgaagaaagccaacatttgaaaaa
aatgtatcacgcgatggcacataaatttggagacaactggaaaaaaacgcaagaagttggaaatgaaatt
ggtgaaaaattaacctctgaagaggttatagatgaattaagaaaaggtggcgcgtatgaaagtaaacttg
aaacagatcccaaaagaaaaattgatgataagataaagaaattaaatgatgtttataaaaattgtaatgg
ctatatcgcaaaaattaaacagagtatcgaagcaattgtttctaatgaccaaatgttagcgagccagatt
gatgggatgatgtaa
>Potential gene 7:5017..5829, 813 bp
atgatgattcattcaaaaaaattaacgctcggtatatgtttggtattactcattatattgattggaggtt
atgtcattatgacaaaagcaaatggtcgaaacgcccaaattaaagacacatttaatcaaacattaaaatt
atatccaaccaaaaatctcgatgatttttacgataaagaaggctttcgagatcaagaatttgacaaagga
gacaaaggtacttggataatcagctctgaaatgaatattcaattaaagggagaaagtttaaaatcaagag
gaatgattctatatatgaatagaaatacaagaaggacaacaggttatttttttgtaagtgaaacaaaagg
aaaaacgtatgaaaaagaaagaaaatatccagtcaaaatggaacataatcaaattatcccaacgaagcca
atacaagatgacaagttgaaaaaagaaattgaaaactttaaattttttgtacaatatggcaattttaaag
atattaatgattataaaaatggtgatatttcatataatcctaatgtgcctagttattcagcggaatatca
attgaggaatgatgattataatgtgcaacagttaagaaaaaaatatgacataccaacgaaacaagcaccg
aaactgttattaaaaggcgatggtgatttaaaaggatcatctgtagggtctaaagagttagaatttactt
ttgtcgaaaataaaaaagaaaatatttacttttctgataatattgattataaaccgactgagcgagatga
attatgatgaaatcagattatcaaattaattcaggtaatataa
>Potential gene 8:6015..6872, 858 bp
atgatgatgcattcaaagaaattaatgctcggtatatgtttggtattactcattatattgattgtaggtt
atgtcattatgacaaaaataaatagtcgaagcgcccaaattaaagacacatttaatcaaacattaaaatt
atatccaaccaaaaatctcgatgatttttacgataaggaaggctttcgagatcaagaatttggcaaagga
gacaaaggtacttggattattaattctggaatgaacatccaattaaaaggaggagccttaaaatccagag
agatggtactttacatcaatcgtaacactagaacaacgaaaggatattttatagtaggtgagataactaa
agataaaaaaggatatacacatgataaagataaaaaataccctgtcaagatggaacataatcaaataatc
ccaacaaaacctataaaagacgagaagttaaaaaaagaaattgaagactttaagttttttgtacaatatg
gcaactttaaagattttaaagattataaaaatggggatatttcatacaatccaaacgtaccaagttattc
ggcaaaatatcaattaagtaatgacgattataatgtccaacaattaagaaaaagatatgatataccgact
aaaaaagcaccagaactattgttgaaaggtgatggcgatttaaaaggttcatccataggctctaaagact
tagaatttatctttgtacaaaataaaagagagaatatctattttacagattcggttgaatttactccaag
cgaggatgataaatcgtgagtcaaactgaatagggataatagaagtttggaattaaattttcataaagca
ctaggtaaaagattataa
>Potential gene 9:6980..7732, 753 bp
atgatgattcattcaaaaaggttgaggctctggctgtatttagtattattagctgtttttattagcgcgt
gtaacgtgaaagaagataaacaaattaaagaaaatttcaacaaaacattgagtttatatccaaccaagaa
tctcgatgatttttacgataaggaaggttttcgagatcaagagtttgataaaagagataaagggacttgg
attattaattctggaatgaacatccaattaaaaggaggagctttaaaatccagagagatggtactttaca
tcaatcgtaacactagaacagctaagggatattttttaataagtgagacaacagaagacaaaaaaggata
cgtccataataaagataaaaaataccctgtcaagatggaacataatcaaattattccaacgaagcccata
agggatgataagttaaaaaaagagattgaaaactttaagttctttgtacaatatggggattttaaagatt
ataaagatggggatatttcatacaatcctaacgtaccaagttattccgcaaactatcaattgaataatga
tgattataatgtccaacaattaagaaaacgatatgatatatcaaccaaaagggctccggaattaaaattg
agaggatctggcgatttaaaaggctcatctgtaggttctaaagaactagaatttaactttataagaaata
aagaaggaaatgtgtatttttctgatagtattaatttcaaacctactgaatag
>Potential gene 10:8035..10896, 2862 bp
atgagtagattactaaatgatttcaatcaatctttacataaagggtttatagacaaagatatttctcata
aaggtaattatacaccgaagcttttagtaaataataaaaatgaaaaagttctttcaacaattatagatga
acttcaaaaatgtgaaacgttctatttttctgtagcttttataacagaaagcggtttagccagcttaaag
gctcaactattagatttaagcaataagggtgttaaagggaaaatattaacatctaattacttagggttta
atagtcctaaaatgtatggagaattacttaaattaaaaaatgtagaggtaagattaaccgatattgctgg
attccatgccaaaggatatatttttgaacataaggattatagttctatggtaataggaagctctaattta
acatctaatgcgttaaaggttaattatgagcataatgttttactgtctactatgaaaaatggcgatttag
ttgatagtgtaaaaaatgaatttgacttgttatggcaaaagagtatcccactgactgagcaatggattaa
ttcatataaagaatcatttgagtaccgttccttagaaaaattagcggaggttgaacaaactcaaatgctg
ctagctgataaggtgaaaaaatcagtggaaattgtacccaatttaatgcaagcagaagcattaaggtcat
taaaagctattagggataaagccaaagataaggcgttaataatatctgcaactggtacaggtaaaacgat
tttatgtgcattagatgttagagaagtaaaccctaataaatttttatttattgttcataatgaggggatt
ttaaatagagctaaggaagaatttaaaaaagtattacctataaaaaatgatagtgattttggattgttga
caggaaaacatagagatgtcgatgccaaatatttatttgcaaccattcaaacattatctagagatgataa
ttttaagcaatttgatgaaaatgaatttgattatattgtttttgatgaagcacatcgttctgctgcatct
acttatcaacgagtatttaattacttcaaacctaagttcatgctgggaatgactgctacaccagaaagat
cagatgaattaagtatatttgaactgtttgattataatattgcatatgaaataaggttacaagcagcgtt
agaaagtgatattttatgtccatttcattattttggtgtgactgattatgtacatcaaggtattaaagaa
gatgatgtaactaaactgagatatttaacttctgatgaaagagttaattatattattcaaaagacagatt
actatggatattcaggtgaaattttacaaggattaatttttgtgagtagcaaaaaagaagcttatgattt
agcggataaactaagttcaaaagggattaaaagtgttgctttaacaggagatgatagtgttaattatcgc
caaattgtaatagaaaaattaaaagaaggtaagattaactatattataactgtagatctttttaacgaag
gtattgatattccagaagtcaatcaagttgtaatgttgagaccaacagagtctagtattatattcattca
gcaacttggtagaggattaagaaaaagtgcaaataaagagtatgttactgtaattgattttattggtaat
tataagaccaattatttaattccgattgcgctttctggagatcaatcgcaaaataaagataattataaga
agtttttaacgaataacgattcgattaatggagtatctacaattaattttgaagaagttgctaaaaaaca
gatttacaattcattggatgcagtatcattgaatcaaaataaattaatattaaaagcttatgaagaagtt
gaaaatagattgggacacatgccgttactaatggattttatacaacaacattctatagatccaagcgtta
tattttctaaatttagtaattattacgagtttttagtaaggtataaaaaaatagatactttattgacgga
aaatgaatctaaaaatctggttttcttttcaagacaaatagcacctggattgaaaagaatcgatagttta
gttttagaagaacttttaaaaaatgaattaacatatgatgaattaaaaaataaaatgttgaacgaagtta
aggttataacagaagatgatatagatacttcattaagaattttagatttttcattttacaacgcaggaat
tgaaaaaatctatggaagtcccattatagaatgtaatgaaagaatgataagactaagcgatgcatttact
aatgctctaagtaatcaaacatttaaaatatttttagaagatcttattgaattatcaaagtataacaatg
aaaaataccaaaaaggtaaaaatggactgattttatataataaatattcaagagaagattttagcaaaat
atttaattggaataaaaatggttcgtctgtaatcatgggatacatgataagaagccaagaaatgccaata
tttatcacttatgataagcatgaggatataagtgatagcacaaaatatgaagatgaatttttaagtcaag
atgaattaaaatggtttactaaatctaatagaacgctaaaatcaaaagaagttcagaaaattttgtccca
tagagcaaaaggaattaaaatgtatatttttgtacagaaaaaagatgatgatggtatatatttttattat
ttaggaactgctggatatatagaaggttcagagaagcaagataaaatgccgaatggttcaaacgtagtaa
ctatggatttagcactcgataaagctgtaagagatgatatatatcgctatataacaaattaa
>Potential gene 11:10898..11317, 420 bp
atgattttaaattgaagggtgagtcttatgaaaaaagtaatcaatgtagtaggagctattattttttctg
ataacaaaattctttgtgcacagagaagtgaagaaatgagtctgcctttaatgtgggaatttcctggagg
taaggttgaaaagaatgaaactgaaaaagacgctttgattagagaaattagagaagaaatgaaatgtgat
ctaattgttggagacaaagttataactacagaacatgaatatgattttggaattgttaggttaacaacat
acaaatgtactttaaacaaagagttaccaactctaactgaacataagagtattgaatggttgtcaataaa
cgaacttgataaattaaattgggccccagcggatataccagccgttaataaaattatgaccgagggataa

>Potential gene 12:11395..13230, 1836 bp
atgatatatcactcttacatctactccatgcattttcatacacatctattatataatacttgtgaaaagt
attgtcttggggctgtgtttttttacttttggggcgtatttctttataattcaatacataaatgtaaggg
ctttagttttcatgttttattaagtctaactgagattttgaaaggatgtttagcaacaatggataaagaa
ttatggatagaaagagctaatgatagtttagttaaacatttttatgagcagcaatctgacattgaacagc
gagaaggttttgaaagtaaattaacatttggtactgcgggtatacgcggaaaattcggtcttggtgaagg
tcgacttaataagtttactattgaaaaattggcattaggtttagcgcgttatttaaatgcccaaacaaac
agtccaacaatagtcattcattatgatattagacatctttcaactgaattcgcccaaattattgctaatg
tattagcaaaccatcaaataacagtttatttacctgatacatataaaacgacaccggaattatcgttcgc
ggtgcgcaatcttaatactactgctggcattatgattacagcaagtcataatccgaaagactataacggc
attaaagtatatggttctgatggtgcgcaactatcaacagatgcatctgagcttgcaagtcgttatatcg
aagaagttggcgatccattacagattgacataccttcttcaaaacaaaatacatcttatatcaagccatt
tccgaaatctgtaactgatggctatatgaaacacattcaaaatatgattggctatattcctaaatctgat
ttacaagttgtgttcactagtttacatggtacaagtgttccgattgtacctgagttattaaaatctttga
atttcaatcaatttaatcttgtagaagcacaatgtaaacctgatccgaattttagctcagttcaaagtgc
taatcctgaagatcatcgcgcttttgataaagcagtcgaacttgcaaataaaagtcatgcaaacttatta
atatcaactgatcctgatgcggatcgtcttggcattgctgaacgtgatgcacatggtcatatcacgtatt
ttaatggcaaccaaattggtgcgctgttacttaattatcgtattcaacaaacgtctcaattacgtcaccg
cttaatgattcaatctattgtaagtagtgagttaacaaagtcattatcacgctataataatgttgaatac
aaagaggtgctgacgggctttaaatttattgctcaggaaataagacaactggatgatcatcaaaatatga
ttttcgcatttgaagagagttacggttttctatcagagccttttgtacgtgataaagatgccgtacaaat
tgtgccactcattataaaatacgcttctgagttaaaattatatggcaaaacattgaaagatgaattagaa
cagatttatcaaactgttggtagacatgaggatacattattctcgcatacgctagaaggatttgaaggga
aaaagaaaattaatgcaataatgaccaaattccgttcaaatccaccgcaagagattcaaggactgaaagt
gaaagcaattgaagattatttaactagcgaggtttatcatttggataaagacacaacgtcgcagattaat
tctcctaaatcaaatgttattcgtgtcttatttgacgaaggatttatcgctttacgtccttctggtactg
aacctaaaattaaattatatgtgtcgttaaaatgtccgaattttgatgatgtagctcaaaaaattaatgc
gatgatttttagctaa
>Potential gene 13:13514..13780, 267 bp
atgaaaggctctaaacaaatacttttgattatgggcattatatctcttattgttttatttatttttacac
tattcatcatggcacaatatgcaaaacattatgaacaaaaatccgacagttccaacgcacatactttaaa
ctcatcatcagccataattgagcaacatactatgtcgaatttagcgtctctagatttatacgctcctgtt
cgtaacattacttctagtcgtgatattcatcccatttatttcatgacaaaagattaa
>Potential gene 14:13924..14232, 309 bp
atgaccgtcaacatcgtatttagtatcgtattctgcataagtatggttatattaggcatttatgtcgcaa
taactaaagatttcacactaatttcttatataaatcaaacgaccattgcagataaacacaagaaccaaat
tgcatatatatttacgctatgtatcagtttgagtgcagtatttttaatgtcttcaattctatgctttgaa
tatgattttattgcattgtcattcttatttttaacgatagcattattacttatcgcattattctacgttt
gcttttataaaatcacaaaatatccataa
>Potential gene 15:14277..14510, 234 bp
atgaaatataaaattagtttggcttataatttagcaattataatagggtcgctaattatattatgtatac
taatatctagaggttatgatatatatgtaatcttgattccaattttgactattttagctagtttaatcaa
tttaatttgtgatattaaaaagcataaatgattctatattaatgcaactttgtattcgtacaaggttgta
tttttttcgcaaacaattacttaa
>Potential gene 16:14554..15747, 1194 bp
atgttgtacttagaagttttgaaaaatagaaactttacatatttattgattggtaatttcttacgtcgga
gttgctttgtgctgttttcgttacaaataatttggtttactgttgaattgacaaaccaatcatctttaaa
attatcaatgatggttatgagtcaaacactaccatttattatatttggtattttcggtggcgcatattct
gataaacataataaaaagaaaatactttatctatctgatcttatactaagtttgattataataattattc
ctttacttgcaataacatcaaatttaaattatctgacgcttctaaccatatctacagctatcaccattat
taactgctatacggatcctgcgtttagggcaattcttcctgaaattattgatgaggagcatttagcaaca
agtaatgcgttaatcgatagtttgcaaagaggctcaaatattattttacctgctttaattggtgtcattg
taatactagttggtaatgttggcgtcttttttatttgcagtatattgctatttttaggatttatttttaa
tgcacttttaaaatatacaaataacaacatgattgatagacactcaaaagaagatttttctgaaacttgg
gaattcttgaaaaaatctaaagaaattccatttattataatcattcaatttgcctgcatattgattaata
ctggcctttggcgtgttgcattaccattgtttatttccaatatattaaaagagggcgttggtgtatatgg
actagctacatcatgtttaggtatagcgtctttattaatgtcattgattatgggtttactgtcagaaaaa
cgattaatctttaaatttagtattggtgttttagtttggggaattggtttatcgattattaatgtgtttc
caagtgtggcgatattgtatataggtgcaacattagtgggacttggacaatctatagagggactaacaag
atcagttgccattcaaataaaaacgccaaatcatttgatggggaaagtatttagtatctcatctacatcg
aattacgcagcggatacattatctttaggactgataagtttaattatacctttactaagcttaagtaata
tatttatatcaggaggtgcaattatttcaatgcttagcttatcggggttaaagttttttaagaagtctat
gtaa
>Potential gene 17:16130..16702, 573 bp
atgatgtgattaaacacggaccaaaaacgggtacaccagaaacaaaaaacagtagagataccgtttgaaa
caaaacgtgagtttaatccaaaattacaacctggtgaagagcgagtgaaacaagaaggacaaccaggaag
taagacaatcacaacaccaatcacagtgaacccattaacgggtgaaaaagttggcgaaggtcaaccaaca
gaagagatcacaaaacaaccagtagataagattgtagagtttggtggcgagaaaccaaaagatccaaaag
gacctgaaaacccagagaagccgagcagaccaactcatccaagtggcccagtaaatcctgacaatccagg
attatcgaaagacagagcaaaaccaaatgaaccagttcattcaatggataaaaatgataaagttaaaaaa
tctaaaattgctaaaaaatcagtagctaatcaagagaaaaaacgagcagaattaccaaaaacaggtgcag
aaagcacacaaaaaggattgatctttagtagtataattggaattgctggattaatgttattggcacgtag
aagaaaaaattaa
>Potential gene 18:16617..18716, 2100 bp
atgcaaatgagagataagaaaggaccggtaaataaaagagtagattttctatcaaataaattgaataaat
attcaataagaaaatttacagttggaacagcatctattttaattggctcactaatgtatttgggaactca
acaagaggcagaagcagctgaaaacaatattgagaatccaactacattaaaagataatgtccaatcaaaa
gaagtgaagattgaagaagtaacaaacaaagacactgcaccacagggtgtagaagctaaatctgaagtaa
tttcaaacaaagacacaatcgaacatgaaccatcagtaaaagctgaagatatatcaaaaaaggaggatac
accaaaagaagtagctgatgttgctgaagttcagccgaaatcgtcagtcactcataacgcagagacacct
aaggttagaaaagctcgttctgttgatgaaggctcttttgatattacaagagattctaaaaatgtagttg
aatctaccccaattacaattcaaggtaaagaacattttgaaggttacggaagtgttgatatacaaagcaa
tccagaggatctaaaggtatctgaagtcactcgtttcaataataaaagtattggaaaaaacgaattgaca
ggagcattacaattaaagaataaagtttcttttaaaaatgactttgagtttaacattagagtagctaata
atcatcaatcggtaacaactggcgctgatggatgggggttcttatttagtaaaggtgacggtaacgaata
tttacaaaagggaggtatattaggtcccaaaggaatggaaaattcagcaggatttaaaattgatacaggg
tataattttaaagatcccatggataaagaagagaaacaggcaggacaaggatttaaagggtatggtacgt
ttgtaaaaacaggtgctgatggaactacagcaaaggttggaacaaacataccaacaagaggtaaagcgga
taattcattccaatatgcagataattctattgatacaacagatggaaaattccatggtcaattacttaat
aatttaaaattagcgtacaatgaaaaatcggggataatgagagccgaatatgctggtaaaatttgggaag
ctaatatatcagatttgggattggataaatctgaagcatataactttttaattacttctagtcaaagaca
gggaacatctcaaggtgtatatgcaaatggttggatgagaacagatttaaataactcaacatttaaacta
acgcctaatctagttaataaaacagaaacaaaaacagtagagataccgttcgagacaaaacgtgaattta
atccgaagttacaacctggtgaagagcgagtgaaacaagaaggacaaccaggaagtaagacaatcacaac
accaatcacagtgaacccattaacaggtgaaaaagttggtgagggtcaaccaacagaagagatcacaaaa
caaccagtagataagattgtagagtttggtggcgagaaaataccgcaaggtcataaagatatcttcgatc
caaacttaccaacagatcaaacggaaaaagtaccaggtaaaccaggaattaagaatccagacacaggaaa
agtgatcgaagagccagtggatgatgtgattaaacacggaccaaaaacgggtacaccagaaacaaaaaca
gtagagataccgtttgaaacaaaacgtgagtttaatccgaagttacaacctggtgaagagcgagtgaaac
aagaaggacaaccaggaagtaagacaatcacaacaccaatcacagtgaacccattaacgggtgaaaaagt
tggcgagggtcaaccaacagaagagatcacaaaacaaccagtagataagattgtagagttcggtggcgag
aaaataccgcaaggtcataaagatatcttcgatccaaacttaccaacagatcaaacggaaaaagtaccag
gtaaaccaggaattaagaatccagacacaggaaaagtgatcgaagagccagtggatgatgtgattaaaca
cggaccaaaaacgggtacaccagaaacaaaaaacagtagagataccgtttgaaacaaaacgtgagtttaa

>Potential gene 19:19015..19371, 357 bp
atgaatgatttgaaaagcaagagcaatattaaattaatgaaaagagtattaactacatatgagctgcgta
aatatttaaaaaaatatttttgtcttacattagataattatttagtattagcatatttagatgtatttaa
aaatgatgaaggtaaatattttatgagagacattataagttatatcggtatagaccaatctagaattgtt
aaaagcgtaaaagaattatcaaaaaagggttacttgaataaatgtagagacccacatgatagtagaaatg
taatcattgttgtttctgtaaaacaacacaattatattaaaaatcttttgagtgaaataaatattaatga
aacataa
>Potential gene 20:20063..20389, 327 bp
atgcttttaatagtgttatattgtattttatttattttgattaacacaatcctttcatctgcaagggatc
gttctttgattagcatacctttattatttaatctattaactgacctaacaatttgaggatacataaatct
aatactttcaaacaaatcttttaaatttagtatctcattttttcgagatgatattacatataagatagat
aaatcaagaaatgttaaattaaatcgatattttaaaaaatcttttgagtacataatgttcataaaaagta
taaaaaattctttgctatattttggagcccattgatattttatgtag
>Potential gene 21:20118..20438, 321 bp
atgaacattatgtactcaaaagattttttaaaatatcgatttaatttaacatttcttgatttatctatct
tatatgtaatatcatctcgaaaaaatgagatactaaatttaaaagatttgtttgaaagtattagatttat
gtatcctcaaattgttaggtcagttaatagattaaataataaaggtatgctaatcaaagaacgatccctt
gcagatgaaaggattgtgttaatcaaaataaataaaatacaatataacactattaaaagcatattcacag
atacttccaagattctcaaaccaagaaaatttttcttttaa
>Potential gene 22:20650..21444, 795 bp
atgccaaaggaaatgcttcctatcttagataaacccacaatacaatatatcgttgaagaagctgcaagag
ctggaattgaagatattattatagtgacaggtcgccacaaacgcgcgattgaagatcattttgatagtca
aaaagaattagaaatggtgttaaaagaaaaaggtaaatctgagttactagaaaaagttcagtattcaaca
gaacttgcgaatattttttatgtaaggcagaaagaacaaaaaggtttagggcatgcgattagttctgcgc
gtcaatttatcggcaatgaaccatttgcggtattattaggtgacgatattgttgaatctgaagtgccagc
agtgaaacagttgattgacgtttatgaagaaacagggcactcagttataggtgtccaagaagttccggaa
gcagatactcatcgttatgggattattgacccattaactaaaaacggacgtcagtatgaagtgaaaaagt
ttgttgaaaagccagcacaaggtacggcaccatcaaacctagctattatgggacgttatgtattaacgcc
tgaaattttcgattatttaaaaacgcaaaaagaaggcgcaggtaacgaaattcagttaacagatgcgatt
gaacgtatgaataatgataaccaagtgtatgcatatgacttcgaaggcgaacgttatgacgttggagaaa
aattaggcttcgttaaaacaacgatagaatatgcattgaaagatgacagtatgcgagaagaattaacacg
atttattaaagaattagggttataa
