
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:673..1983, 1311 bp
atgactaaacctatagtagctattgtaggtaggcctaatgtaggtaaatctacaatttttaatagaatag
ttggagaacgtgtttcgattgtggaagacacgccaggtgtaacacgagatcgtatttattcttcaggtga
atggttaacacatgatttcaatattattgatacaggtggtattgaaattggtgatgcaccattccaaaca
caaattagagcgcaggcagaaatcgccatagatgaagcggatgttattatttttatggttaacgtgcgtg
aaggattgacacaaagcgatgaaatggtcgctcaaattttatacaaatctaaaaaaccggtcgtattagc
ggttaacaaagtagataatatggaaatgcgtacagacgtgtatgatttctattcattaggatttggtgaa
ccgtatccgatatcagggtcacatggtttaggtcttggtgacttgttagatgcagttgtttctcattttg
gtgaagaggaagaagatccttatgatgaagatacaattcgactatccattattggacgaccaaacgtagg
taaatcaagtttagtaaatgctattttaggtgaagatcgcgttatcgtttctaatgttgcagggacaacg
agagacgctattgatacagagtatagttatgatggacaagattatgttttaatcgatactgctggtatgc
gtaaaaaaggaaaagtatatgaatcaactgagaaatattcagtactaagagctttaaaagcgattgaacg
ttcaaatgttgttttagtggtcattgatgcagaacaaggcatcattgaacaagataaacgcgttgcagga
tatgcacatgaacaaggtaaagcagtcgtgattgtcgtaaataaatgggatactgtggaaaaagatagta
aaacgatgaagaaatttgaagatgaagtacgtaaagaattccaatttttagattatgcacaaattgcttt
tgtgtctgctaaagaacgcacaagattacgtacattattcccttacattaatgaagcaagtgaaaaccat
aaaaaacgtgttcaaagttcaactttaaatgaagtcgttactgatgcaatttccatgaaccctacaccaa
cagacaaaggtagacgtttgaatgtcttttatgcaacacaagttgctatagaaccaccgacatttgttgt
atttgttaatgatgtagaattaatgcatttttcttataaacgctatttagagaatcaaatccgtgccgct
tttggttttgaaggtacaccaattcatattatagctcgaaagagaaattaa
>Potential gene 2:2000..2998, 999 bp
atgactaaaattaccgtttttggtatgggaagttttgggacagcccttgccaatgttcttgcagaaaatg
gacatgatgttttgatgtggggtaaaaatcaagatgctgttgatgaattaaatacatgtcatacaaataa
aaagtatttaaaatacgcgaaattagatgttaacatcatcgctacttcagatatgaccaaagcaattcaa
tttgcagatatttacttaatggctttacctactaaagcaatgcgagaagttgctactcaaattaatgata
agctgacctctaaaaagacttttatacatgttgctaaaggtattgaaaatgggacgtttaaacgtgtgtc
agaaatgattgaagattctatttcacccgaatataatgcaggtattggcgtgttgtcagggccaagtcat
gcggaagaagttgtagtcaagcaaccaactacagttgctgcatcatcaaaagataaaagtgtaagtaaat
taacgcaagatttatttatgaatgattatttgcgtgtgtacacgaatgatgacttgattggtgttgaact
tggtggtgcattgaaaaatatcatcgcagtagcaagtggtatcgtagctggaattggctacggtgataat
gcaaaagctgcgttaatgactcgtggtttagcggaaattagtagattaggtgaaaagttaggtgccgatc
ctatgacatttctaggtttaggtggtatcggtgacttaatcgttacttgcacatcaacacattctcgaaa
tttcacattaggatataaacttggacaaggtgaatcaatggatcaagcattatctgaaatgaatatggtt
gttgaaggtatttatacaactaaatcagtttatcatttagctaaagaaaaaaatgtggatatgccaatta
caaatgcattatatagagtattatttgaaaatatctcagtaaaagaatgcgtaaaagatttaatggagcg
cgataaaaaatctgaataa
>Potential gene 3:3169..3441, 273 bp
atgaacaaaacagatttaatcaatgcagttgcagagcaagctgatttaactaaaaaagaagctggttcag
cagtagatgctgtattcgaatcaatccaaaactcacttgctaaaggtgaaaaagtacaattaattggttt
cggtaactttgaggtacgtgaacgtgctgcacgtaaaggtcgtaaccctcaaactggtaaagaaattgat
atcccagcaagtaaagttccagcattcaaagctggtaaagcattaaaagatgctgtaaaataa
>Potential gene 4:3785..4444, 660 bp
atgataagtaatcttaatgcttcaaaagattttaatttcttacatataatgttaatatgaatagtgataa
tatcgtgaggtgtagacatggaaacaactgttagcaaattggaaagacaaatagaagaaagattaaaggg
tgtatcagaatatgaatccattaatattaatcatcggttaggtaagttacttgattcatatgatattcca
gatgttgccaaagtagcatgcctcacaattgacacatcaatgagacaccttgatgacattacatataatc
atttgtctaaacattccattttgattggagatttaattagtgcgcatttttatacgctactagcagaaat
caatgatttatcatttcaaaatgaaattagtaaagcaattgttgaaattaatgaattgaaatcttcatta
catcatcaagctttaaatgattatgaaatttctcaagcaatagtaaaaattgaaacacttttcccatata
ttacgttatctcatttcggtatcaatattgatgagtcggaaatatataattatttatttgaagatatgtc
tgattactatccatcatacttcaagaaatataatcaaagtgaagtaaagcattacttacacgatatccaa
aaaagttatttaaaaagtagaggtaattaa
>Potential gene 5:4447..5172, 726 bp
atggctgacaataaagcaaataaagagcaagtacatcgcgtttttcaaaatatttcaaaaaaatatgaca
aattaaataatattattagttttgagcagcataaagtatggagaaaacgcgtcatgaaagacatgggtgt
tagaaaagggacgaaagcattagatgtttgttgtggtactggtgattggacaatcgcattaagcaaagct
gtaggaccaacaggtgaagttactggtattgactttagtgagaatatgttagaagtaggaaaagaaaaaa
ctgcttcaatggaaaatgttaaacttgttcatggtgatgcaatggaattgccgtttgaagacaattcttt
tgattatgtaacaattgggtttggattaaggaatgtgccagactatttagtcgcgttaaaagaaatgaat
agagtacttaaaccaggtggtatggtggtatgtcttgaaacgagccaaccaactttgccagtctttaaac
aaatgtatgcattatactttaaatttgttatgcctatttttgggaaattatttgcaaaatcaaaagaaga
atatgaatggttacagcaatctacgtttaattttcctggaaaagaagagttgaagcgcatgtttgaagaa
gcgggtttcataaatgtaagagtacgtagttttacagggggcgttgctgcaatgcaccttggctataaag
aaaaagataataccaaaggtgattaa
>Potential gene 6:5189..6133, 945 bp
atgaacaatgaaattaagaaagtggaacaacgacttgaaaaggcaataaaaagtaaagattctgtattag
aacaggcatcattacacttattatcttctggtggtaaaagagtacgcccagcatttgtaattctgagtag
ccaatttggcaaagatgaacaaacgtctgaacaaacgtatcaagttgcagtcgcattagagttaattcat
atggcaacacttgttcatgatgacgttattgataaaagcgacaagcgtcgaggcaagttaaccatatcaa
agaaatgggatcagacaactgctattttaactgggaattttttattggcattaggacttgaacacttaat
ggccgttaaagataatcgtgtacatcaattaatatctgaatctatagttgatgtttgtagaggggaactt
ttccaatttcaagaccaatttaacagtcaacagacaattatcaattacttacgacgtatcaatcgcaaaa
cagcactgttaattcaattatcaactgaagttggtgcaattacatctcaatctgataaagagactgtacg
aaaattgaaaatgattggtcattatataggtatgagcttccaaatcattgatgatgtattagacttcaca
agtaccgaaaagaaattaggtaagccggtcggaagtgatttgttgaatggtcatattactttgcctattt
tattggaaatgagaaaaaatccagaattcaaagtgaaaattgagcaattacgacgtgatagtgaacgtaa
agaatttgaagaatgtatccaaatcattagaaaatctgacagcatcgatgaggctaaggcagtaagttcg
aagtatttaagtaaagctttggatttgatttctgagttaccagatggacatccgaaatcactacttttaa
gtttgacgaaaaaaatgggttcaagaaacacgtag
>Potential gene 7:6243..6674, 432 bp
atgattaaaccagatgcagtacaaagaaatctaattggtgaagtaatttcaagaattgaaagaaaaggac
taaaacttgtcggtggtaaattaatgcaagtaccaatggaacttgctgaaacacattatggtgaacacca
aggtaaaccattttataatgatttaatttcatttattacatcagcaccagtgttcgcaatggtagttgaa
ggtgaagatgcagttaatgtatctagacatattattggcagcacaaatccttcagaagcttcaccaggat
caattagaggtgatttaggtttaactgttggtagaaatatcattcacggttcagattcattagagtctgc
tgaacgtgaaattaatctatggtttaatgaaaatgaaattactagctatgcttcaccacgtgatgcatgg
ttatatgaataa
>Potential gene 8:6748..7014, 267 bp
atgagagtcagtataaaaataatttttgttataggattaagtggtttatctaaaaatatagcaccatata
ataattccattgattttaagaacattaaaatccctaaaataattgaaataatattcttcattctatcaac
cccttcttttagtttagtttcatttgataaagaatattcctctctttttaatacgtgttaccaaaaaaac
tataaaatttttcaagtaatttactacaacataaaaaacgggccttgttatgtataa
>Potential gene 9:7405..8637, 1233 bp
atgaatgtgataagattaacaacatattataatgttattgcggaagtatgaaaggagcgagtgtgtatga
gatatctaacttcaggagaatcacatggacctcaattaacagttattgtcgaaggtataccagcaaattt
agaaattaaagttgaagatattaataaagaaatgttcaagcgtcaaggtggttatggtcgtggccgacgc
atgcaaattgagaaagatacagtagagattgtttcgggtgtgagaaatggttatacattaggtagcccta
ttacaatggttgttactaatgatgattttacacattggcgaaaaattatgggtgctgcgccaataagcga
cgaagaacgagaaaatatgaaacgtacaattacgaagccaagaccgggacatgcagatttagttggcggt
atgaaatataatcatcgtgacttacgaaatgtattagaacgttcatctgccagagaaacagcagcacgtg
tagctgtcggtgcattatgcaaagttttattagaacaattagatatcgaaatatacagtcgtgttgttga
gataggtggcattaaagataaagatttttatgattcagaaacatttaaagcaaaccttgatcgaaatgac
gtccgtgtaattgatgatggcatcgcacaagcaatgcgcgataaaattgatgaagcgaaaaacgatggtg
attcaatagggggcgtagttcaagttgtagttgaaaatatgcctgttggtgtaggtagttatgtacatta
tgatcgtaaattagatggaagaatagcacagggtgtcgttagtattaatgcatttaaaggtgtaagtttt
ggagaaggatttaaagcagctgaaaagcctggtagcgaaattcaagacgaaattctctacaatactgaat
tgggctattatcgtgggtcaaatcacttaggtggtttagaaggcggtatgtcaaatggaatgccaattat
cgttaatggtgtaatgaaacctattcctacgttatataaaccattaaattcagttgatataaatactaaa
gaagactttaaggcaacaattgaacgttctgatagttgtgctgttcctgcagcaagtatcgtctgcgaac
atgtcgtagcatttgaaattgcgaaagcattattggaagaattccaatcaaatcatattgagcaacttaa
acaacaaattattgagcgcagacaattaaatattgagttttaa
>Potential gene 10:8663..9727, 1065 bp
atgaaattacaaacaacctatccttcaaacaattatccaatatttgttgaacatggtgcaattgaccata
ttagcacgtatattgatcagtttgatcaaagttttatattaattgacgagcatgtaaatcaatattttgc
tgataaatttaatgatattttatcttttggaaatgtacataaagttattattccagctggtgaaaagacg
aaaacatttgagcaatatcaagaaacattagaatacattttgtcacatcatgtaacgcgtaatacagcga
ttatagctgttggtggtggtgcgacaggagattttgcaggatttattgcggcgacacttttacgaggtgt
tcactttatacaagtgccaacgactatactagcgcatgattctagcgttggcggtaaagtgggtattaac
tcaaagcaaggtaaaaaccttatcggtgcattttatcgtccagatgctgtaatttatgacttagactttt
taaatactttgccatttgatgaaatattgagtggctatgcggaagtatataagcatgccttattaaatgg
taaatctgctacacatgacatcgagcaacattttaaagatcgagcgtcattacaatcattaaatggaatt
gataaatatataactaaaggcattgaaacaaaattaaatatcgttgttgctgatgaaaaagagcaaggtg
ttcgaaagtatttaaatttaggacatacatttggtcatgccgtggagtataaccacaaaattgcacacgg
tcatgccgtaatgataggcataatatatcaatttattgttgcgaatatattgttcaattctaatcacgat
atccaacattatattaattatttaacgaaattaggttatcctttagaaacaataaccgacatagatttcg
aaacgatatatcaatacatgctaagtgataaaaagaatgataagcaaggtgtacaaatggtcttgattaa
acattttggagatatcgttgtacaacatgttgatcaactaacattacaacatgcatgtgaacaattaaaa
acatattttaagtag
>Potential gene 11:9737..11035, 1299 bp
atggtaaatgaacaaatcattgatatttcaggtccgttaaagggcgaaatagaagtgccgggcgataaat
caatgacacaccgtgcaatcatgttggcgtcgctagctgaaggtgtatctactatatataagccactact
tggcgaagattgtcgtcgtacgatggacattttccgactgttaggtgtagaaatcaaagaagatgatgaa
aaattagttgtgacttccccaggatatcaatcttttaacacgccacatcaagtattgtatacaggtaatt
ctggtacgacaacacgattattggcaggtttgttaagtggtttaggtattgaaagtgtcttgtctggaga
tgtttccataggtaaaaggccgatggatcgtgttttaagaccgttaaaaagtatgaatgcaaatattgaa
ggaattgaagacaattacaccccattaatcattaaaccgtctgtaattaaaggtattaattacaagatgg
aagtggcaagtgcacaagtgaaaagtgccatcttattcgcaagtctattttctaaggaaccgaccatcat
taaagaattagatgtaagtcgaaatcatactgagacgatgttcagacattttaatattccaattgaagca
gaagggttatcaattactacaacccctgaagcaattcgatacattaaacctgcagattttcatgttcctg
gcgatatttcatctgcagcgttctttattgttgcagcacttatcacaccaggaagtgatgtaacaattca
taatgttggaatcaatccaacacgttcaggtattattgatattgttgaaaaaatgggcggtaatattcaa
cttttcaatcaaacaactggtgctgaacctactgcttctattcgtatacaatacacaccaatgcttcaac
caataacaatcgaaggagaattagtgccaaaagcaattgatgaactgcctgtaatagcattactttgtac
acaagcagttggcacgagtacaattaaagatgccgaggaattaaaagtaaaagaaacaaatagaattgat
acaacggctgatatgttaaacttgttagggtttgaattacaaccaactaatgatggattgattattcatc
cgtcagaatttaaaacaaatgcaacagttgatagtttaactgatcatcgaataggaatgatgcttgcagt
tgcttctctactttcaagcgagccagtcaaaatcaaacaatttgatgccgtaaatgtatcatttccagga
tttttaccaaaactaaagcttttagaaaatgagggataa
>Potential gene 12:11042..12286, 1245 bp
atggaagatatctataaattaatagacgatatcaatctacaaaaactagaaaatttagactctcgtgtta
atgaagcaataactactgacaacgatgacgcattatttattctaggagagacactttacaattttggatt
aatgccacaaggtttggaagtattccgcgtgttatatcacaaatatccagacgaaagtgaattgctgatt
tattttattgaaggtttaatgtctgaaaatcaaactgacgaagcgttagaatatttaagttatgttgaac
catcacctgaaaagttgatgttagaagcagatttatatcaacaaattaatatgatggaagttgctattga
taaattacaagaagcacttgaactagagccaaatgatccaataatccattttgcattggctgaaatgtta
tattatgatggtcaatatttacgtgctacctctgaatacgaaaccgttttagaaactggtgaatatcaag
ttaatggtgtaaacttattctctcgtatggcagattgtagtttacaaagtggtaactatagtgatgcgat
tcgcttatacgatgaaattaatgaagatgaaatgacttcagaagattatctcaaaaaagccatttcttac
gataaaaatgacatcactcaagaagcaattaaaataatgactacattactttctaaagatcctgattata
ttcaaggctacttgtatttacaatcattatatgaaaatgaaaaaaattatccagatgctattgaaacggg
taaagaaggattacgactaagtcaattttataaagagttaatgtatacaactggatgtttggaaatagaa
cacggcgatgctaatgaaggtgtattattgttaaaacaagcattagaggttgataatgcttaccaagaac
ctttattgattttaagcgatttatatcgtaatgaagaagattatgaagcaatcattgaattattaacata
tgtagatgaagaagatttggatcctacattcatgtggcatttagcgttcgcctatggtcaagaagagcga
gataaagaagctcaacatttctttgaattagcatatccaacgatgaaaacaaatattgattttatgagtg
attattatttctatttaattgaaattggtcaaaaggaacaagcaattactattttaaatcaattgttgga
actagagccaagtaacgaaaattggcatgacgaattatcaagattgcaatcttaa
>Potential gene 13:12258..12875, 618 bp
atgacgaattatcaagattgcaatcttaaaatggggtatttgatgtcagagacactcaatcaaattaaag
aaagttttattgaatatttactttttcaatatcgatttaagtcgcgtattgcagtttgggtgcttaacta
tataaaagtgaatgaggcgaaattggcaaacactcattttgtagatacaaaaattaatcatcatgaaaca
ttagaaattgcagaagtgggaagtcacgcttctgcaattcaatttactaagcgtaatataaagttaatga
atacaaatgaaatatttgattatatcgctaatcataactgtgcttttgatattcaaattcacttcgcaaa
cgtgtcaaagcgtgagcaaaggctagatgatttaatagttgctcaactaacggaatcgcccagttatcaa
acttatcttcatgacttaaatagtatggctatagatcggcataaacatgcgttattaatagattacttgt
tacacaatattgatttaagtttacagatgaatgaaaagcaacgtttttatcaactaacgcaaattttaaa
tacactcaagctagtaaataaacataatcaatttgaggacttagcagatgacgattaa
>Potential gene 14:12865..13479, 615 bp
atgacgattaatacattttggcaatatacactttatcaacgttcttggttaatgatgctactcatttgta
atatattagggatgatttatggttatatatggtatggtgaacaattaagtcatacgccgtggcattttaa
gatttttgttccagatagcccaactgcaatattatacttagttatttctatctcattgatattaattcaa
aaacaaaatagtattatcgatgcactggcatttgtaacattattcaaatatgggatttgggcagttataa
tgaatatattatttattattgaacaaggtgatattacagtaaatggtttggtattaatgttttcccacag
tataatggctgttcaggcaatttacttctatcctaggtttaaacgttctatgattggaatcagtgtagcg
atgatttgggtatttttgaatgattatattgactattttcaccttcaatttccatattatgattttataa
ctacacatgtgtggcaaattggtgtattatcatgttgtctaagtgtttttggacttttgctttatattga
attaaacaaattattaaagtgtaaatgatttgataaaaacggcaaatgacagtaa
>Potential gene 15:13524..14204, 681 bp
atgataatttatttcgtaatattaatggtgcttcctttatgggcacaacacaaagttaaatctaactatg
agaaatattcacaagttagatcaactagtggtaaaacgggtcgtgaagttgcattagaaattttacatgc
aaacggtatttatgatgtcgaagttgttaaaggtgaaggattcttaacagatcattacgatcctaaaaag
aaagttgtttcactatctcctgcaaactatgacagaccatcagttgctggaactgcaattgcagcccacg
aagttggtcatgccattcaagatcaccaaggatattggttcttaagattcagagcagcattagtacctgt
tgcaaacctagggagttcattaagttatatgatcatcatgttaggtattatcttaacagcgataggtagt
gcatttggttcaactgctttatggattggtgctggtttaatgtcattagcggtattattctcaattgtta
cgttaccagttgagtttgatgcgagttcaagagcgatgaaacaaattacggcattgaacattgtaaatga
aaaagaatacaagcatgcgcgtaaagtattatctgcagcagcaatgacttatgttgcagcaactgctgtc
gctgtagcagagcttgtacgtattattttgattgcgcgttcaagtgattaa
>Potential gene 16:14517..14864, 348 bp
atgcaatataaggagaacgtagaaatgaaatcaatggtagaaatgcaacgtgaagttgatgaatatattg
gacaatttaaaacaggatatttttcaccattagctaacttagctagattgactgaagaagtgggcgaact
tgcacgtgaaataaatcatacctatggtgaaaaaaagaagaaagattcagaggaagcaaatacgattaaa
gcagaattaggtgataatttatttgtgttgttatgtttagcgaattcaatgggaatagatatgacagaga
gctttaatgaaactatggaaaagtttaatacaagagataaaaatcgattcgaaagaaagtgaatataa
>Potential gene 17:15084..16238, 1155 bp
atgggcaagcgaatgaagataggtataacatgttacccgtccatgggtggttctggaattattgccacag
aattaggaattaaattagcagagcgaggtcacgaagtacattttatcacttcaaatatcccgtttagaat
aagaaaaccattaccgaatatgatttttcatcaagttgaagtgaatcaatatgcagtatttcaatatcca
ccgtatgatattacgttaagtactaaaatcgctgaagttattaaagaatatgatcttgatttgttgcata
tgcactatgctgtacctcatgcaatttgtggtattttagctcgtgagatgtcaggtaaagatataaaaat
tatgacaacgctacacggtactgatattactgttttgggctatgatcattcactccaaggtgcaattaaa
tttggcattgaaaaaagtgatattgtgacaagtgtgagtaaatctttagcgcaagaaacacatgaaatta
tcgaaactaacaaagaaattataccgatttataattttgtacgtgaaaatgagtttccaactaaacataa
cacagcactaaaatcacaatttggtatagcaccagatgaaaaagtgttaatacatgtatcgaattttaga
caagtaaaacgcatagatactattatagaaacatttgcaaaagtacgtgaaaagatacctagtaaattaa
ttttacttggagatggtcctgaattagtgccaatgcgtcaattgacgaaagagttaaacgtagaagagga
tgttttatttttagggaagcaagattgcgtaagtgaattttatcaattatctgacttagtattattatta
agtgaaaaagaaagctttggactaactttacttgaggctatgaaaacaggcgtcgttccaattggttcaa
atgccggtggaattaaagaggttattaaacatggtgaaactggatttgttgtagatgtgggtgattgtga
ttcagcgagtgactatgctatccgattacttgaagataaggcgttatacaacaaacttcagaaaaacatg
ctagcagatattgctgaacgttttggatcagaactcattacagatcaatatgagtattattatcaaaaaa
tgctaaatgaacataacaaaagtaaaggcgagtaa
>Potential gene 18:16210..17445, 1236 bp
atgaacataacaaaagtaaaggcgagtaataatatggataaatcattatttgaacaggcaaggcctatat
tagaacaaattcaagacaatggttttgaagcatattatgtaggtggctctgtaagagattatgtcatggg
aagaaatattcatgatatagatatcacaacaagtgcaacgccggatgaaatagaatcaatctttagtcat
acgatacctgtaggtaaagaacatggcacgataaatgtagtttttaatgatgaaaattatgaagtgacaa
cattccgggctgaagaagattatgtcgatcaccgtagaccaagtggtgttacatttgttcgtgatttata
cgaagatttgcaacgaagagatttcacgatgaatgcgatagcaatggatacagcatacaaattgtatgat
tattttgatggtcaacaagatattaataatcgaataataagaactgtaggtatagctgaggaacgattcc
aagaagatgctttacgtatgattcgatgtttaagattccagtcacaattatcatttgatattgcaacgga
aacattcgaagcgatgcgtacacaaatggcagatattaaatttttatcaattgagcgtatagtgattgaa
ctaactaaattaatgcgaggtattaatgttgaagagagttttaatcatttaaaatcgctgaaagcattta
attatatgccatatttcgaacatcttgatatgaatcaaattaatgtgactgaagcaattgatttagaatt
attgattgctatagcatcagttaaatttgatattaattactcattgaagcctttaaagctaagtaaccga
caagtaaaagatatcaatcaatatattcaaattatgaatgcattaccaagtattattacaaaagaacaat
taaaaatgtttgtttatgattatgatacgaatctcattaaaaatgtaatggttgcagcagacgtgttaaa
ggcaaatgatattcaaggacatgaaccattaatcgttaaccttcaaacgattgatgaaacattacatcgt
ttacctatgcataatagaaaagacatgatggttaatggcggtgtacttatggcacatttaaatgccaaaa
gtggtccatggttaaaagatgtgctaagacaaattgagatagcgattgtaacaggtaaagtaagcaacga
agaaactgaaattttgaaatgggtggataatcatgtcaaaatatag
>Potential gene 19:17432..18403, 972 bp
atgtcaaaatatagtcaagatgtacttcaattactctataaaaataaaccgaattatatatctggacaaa
gcattgcggaatcacttaatatatcgcgcactgcagtaaaaaaagtgattgaccaattaaaattagaggg
atgtaaaatagattcagtaaatcataaagggcatttattacaacagctcccagatatttggtatcaaggt
ataatagaccaatatacaaaaagttctgctttgtttgattttagtgaagtatacgattcaatagattcta
cacaacttgctgcgaaaaagtcacttgttggaaatcaatcttcattttttatcttgagtgatgaacaaac
gaaaggtcgtgggcgatttaatagacattggagttcttcaaaagggcaaggactttggatgtctgtcgtg
ttaagacctaacgttgcattctcaatgatatctaaatttaatttatttattgcattagggataagagatg
cgattcaacattttagtcaagatgaagtcaaagtgaaatggccgaatgatatatatattgataatggtaa
agtgtgtggtttcttaactgaaatggttgctaataatgatggtatagaagcaataatatgtggtataggt
attaatttgacgcaacaactagatgactttgatgaaagtattagacatagagcaacaagtatacaattaa
atgataaaaataaattagatagatatcaatttttagagagattacttcaagaaattgaaaaaagatataa
tcaatttttaacgttacctttttctgaaattcgtgaagaatatattgcagcttctaatatttggaataga
acgttgctatttacagaaaatgataaacagtttaaaggacaagcaattgatttagattacgatggctatc
taattgttagagatgaagcgggtgaatcacaccgtttaattagtgcagatatagatttttaa
>Potential gene 20:18427..21132, 2706 bp
atgggtatggcaacctatgccgttgtggatttggaaacaacaggcaaccaattagattttgacgatatca
ttcaaattggtataacgtttgtgcgcaataaccaaattattgatacatatcattctatgattagaacaaa
tttagagattccgccattcattcaagcgttaacatccattgaagaaaatatgctacaacaagcgccatat
tttaatcaagttgcacaagaaatctacgataagataaaagattgcatttttgtcgctcataatgtagatt
ttgatttaaattttattaaaaaggcatttaaagattgtaatattcaatatcgtcccaaaaaagttataga
tacactagaaatctttaaaatagcttttcctacagataaaagttatcaattaagtgaattagcagaagca
catggtattaacttagcaaatgcccatcgagctgacgaggatgccgctactactgctaaattgatgatat
tagcttttgaaaaatttgaaaagttaccgttagatactttaaagcaattatattatttaagtaaacagtt
gaaatacgatttgtatgatattttctttgagatggttaggcaatatgatgcaaagccattggataaatcg
tacgaaaagttcgaacagattatctatcgtaagcaagttgattttaaaaagccgacaacaaattataatg
gcagcttgaagtctttatatagcaaagctgtagatcaacttggcttaacatatcgaccgcagcaattata
tttagcggaaactatattagatcagctcatgcatagtgaaaaagcaatgattgaagcatcactaggcagt
ggtaaatcattagcatatttacttgcggccttgatgtataatattgaaactggaaagcatgttatgattt
ctaccaataccaaattactgcaaagtcaattgttagaaaaagatattccagcaatgaatgaagcgttaaa
ttttaaaattaatgcactattgattaaaagtaaaagtgattacatttcattggggcttattagtcaaatt
ttaaaagatgacacaagtaactacgaagtgaatatcttgaaaatgcaattgctgatttggattacagaga
cgccgtccggagatatacaggaattaaatttaaaaggtggtcaaaagatgtattttgaccagaaaattga
aacatatgtaccggcacgtcacgatgtccattattataattttattaagcgaaatgcacagaacattcaa
attggtattacaaatcatgcacatttaattcattctgatgttgaaaattcaatatatcaattgtttgatg
attgtatagtggatgaagcacatcgcttaccagactatgccttaaatcaagtgacaaatgagttgagtta
tgctgatattaaatatcagcttggtttgattggtaaaaacgaaaatgaaaaattgttaaaggcaattgat
caactggaaaagcagcgaattttggaaaagttagatattgcaccaattgatatttttggcttgaaggcta
gtatgaatgagattcatgagttaaatgagcaattgttttcaacgatatttacgattatcaatgattctga
tgtttatgatgatgatattcatcgcttccataatgtatttacttttgaaacaaaagacattttgaaggat
ttacatgcgattatcgataagttaaataaaacgctagaaatattcaatggcattagtcataaaacagtta
aatcattacggaaacagttgttgtatttaaaagataaatttaaaaatatcgaacaaagtttaaaagctgg
acatactagtttcatttcaattaaaaatttatctcaaaaatcaacaatacgtttatatgtgaaagattac
gctgtaaaagatgtattaacgaaacaagtattggaaaaatttaaatcactcatttttatatctggtactt
taaaatttaatcattcgtttgaagcttttaaacagttattcaacaaagatgttcactttaatacatttga
agttaacacgtcgttacaaagtgcaaaaaatacaagtgtatttataccgagtgatgtagcatcttatcaa
tataaaaatatagatgagtatgtagcatcgattgtaagctatattattgaatatacgactataacgtcat
caaaatgtttagtcttatttacgagttataaaatgatgcatatggtacaagatatgctaaatgaattgcc
agaatttgaagattatgttgtattaacacaacagcagaaccaaaattataaaatagtacaacagtttaat
aattttgataaggccatactgcttggtacgtcaacattttttgaaggttttgattttcaagcaaatggta
ttaaatgtgtgatgatagcgaagttaccgtttatgaacaagcataatgcaaaatattggcttatggattc
tgaattcacttcaactttcaaggaatatgtattacctgatgcagttacacgttttagacaaggacttgga
agattaattagaaatgaaaatgatcgcggcataatagtttcatttgatgatcgactcataaacagtaatt
ataaaaacttttttgaacaaacacttgaaaattatcgtcagaaaaaaggcgacattcaacagtttggaaa
attattaagacaaattcaaaaaaagaaaaagtgaaatacaaagtaa
>Potential gene 21:21436..22734, 1299 bp
atggttatgaaaacaacgattaaacaagcgaaagatcatttaaaccaagacgttacaattggtgcttggc
taacaaataaacgttcaagtggtaaaatcgcctttttacaattacgtgatggaacaggctttatgcaagg
cgtagtagttaaatcagaagttgatgaagaggtattcaaacttgcgaaagaaattactcaagaatcatct
ctatatgttacaggcacaattacagaagataatcgttctgacttaggatacgaaatgcaagtgaaatcaa
ttgaagttatttcagaagcgcatgactatccgattacacctaaaaatcatggtacagaattcttaatgga
tcaccgtcatttatggttacgttctaaaaaacaacatgctgtaatgaaaattagaaatgaagttattcgt
gcaacgtatgaatttttcaacaaagatggatttacaaaggttgatccaccaattttgacagcaagtgcgc
cagaaggtacaagtgaattattccatactaaatactttgatcaagatgcgtttttatctcaaagtggtca
gttatacttagaagctgcagctatggcacacggaaaagtattttcatttggtccaactttcagagctgaa
aaatcaaaaacacgtagacacttgatcgagttctggatgattgaaggggaaatggctttcacaaatcatg
ctgaaagtttagaaattcaagaacaatatgtaacacatgttgtaaaatcagttttagaaaattgtaaact
agagttgaaaatgttagagcgtgatacatcaaaacttgaaaaagttgcgacaccattccctagaatttca
tatgatgatgcaattgaattcttaaaagcagaaggctttgatgatattgaatggggcgaagattttggtg
cgccacatgaaacagccattgctaatcattatgatttaccggtgtttattactaattatccaactaaaat
taagcctttctatatgcaaccaaatcctgaaaatgaagaaactgtattatgtgcagacttaattgcacct
gaaggatacggtgaaattataggtggatctgaacgtgtggatgacttagaattgttagaacaacgcgtta
aagaacatggattagacgaagaagcatatagttactacttagacttacgtcgttatggtagtgtgccaca
ctgtggatttggtttaggtttagagcgtacagtagcatggatttctggtgttgaacacgttcgtgaaact
gcgccattcccaagattattaaaccgtttatatccataa
>Potential gene 22:23062..23748, 687 bp
atggataaatatcaattaaaagcaagacctgtagtgatacgaagagaattattagaccattacagtgact
taggtttagatgagcaagatttagtcattttgcttaaattgatttatgcttccgaaacatcaaataaaca
gccttcaattgaattacttcagaagggctcaactatgcaaccacgtgatattacaatggttattcaaaat
ttgatacaacgtgaattgctagaattacaagttcaaaaagatgaagaaggtagatttaccgaatatatga
atctagatccttttttcgaaaaattaagtcatatattgaagcaacaaagtatggaaacgaaagagcaaaa
tagtaaagaaaaatttaaacaattatttagagttttagaggatacatttgcaaggccgttatctccatat
gaaatagaaacgttaaatcaatggattgatgttgataaacacgatactgcaattatacaagcggcattag
acgaggcgaatagtttgaataaacttagctttaaatatatggatcgtattttacttaattggaagaaaaa
caatgttaaaacaattgacgattctagaaaaataagagaaaaattcaataaaccgaaaatgacgcacaca
gttaaaacggtacctaaatttgattggttaaacggggagaaccttgatggtaagtaa
>Potential gene 23:23738..24400, 663 bp
atggtaagtaagaaaaaagcattagaaatgattgatgttatagcaaatatgtttccggatgcagaatgtg
aattaaaacatgataatccgttcgaattaactattgctgtattattgtcagcgcaatgtacagacgttct
agtaaatagagtaacaactgagctgtttaaaaaatacaaaacgcctgaagattatttggcagtcagtgat
gaagaacttatgaatgatattcgttctatcggtctgtatcgtaacaaagctaagaatattaagaaacttt
gtcaatctttgattgatcaatttaatggagaaataccacaaacacataaggaattagaaagtttagcagg
tgtaggacgtaaaactgctaatgtagtcatgagtgtagcatttgatgaaccttcgttagctgttgatacg
catgtagaacgtgtttctaaacgcttaggtattaatcgttggaaagataatgtgagacaggtagaagacc
gtttatgttctgtcatacctagagatagatggaataggagccatcatcaactcattttctttggaagata
ccactgtttagcccgaaaacctaaatgcgatatttgtccactattagaagattgtagagaaggacaaaaa
cgttataaagctagtttgaaagaagcgtgataa
>Potential gene 24:24402..24743, 342 bp
atgacaaatattacaaaagaggtatttgataatttagaacaagagattgatgtatttgccaaaaataaga
cattaggttctagtgaagcaaaaccttacttggatgaataccatagtaaaattattgattattttaagca
ggttaatgacatcactggcaatattgattttgataatttaaatcaatatcctgttgtgccaatgaatttt
aaagaaagatatgattatatgattgaacgtaaatatcattttatgggctatcgacaaatgaagaccttta
aaactgaattgattaaaatgaatgctagttatcaaacaaggttaaagaataagcaggtatag
>Potential gene 25:25261..27444, 2184 bp
atgacggaaaacaaaggatcttctcagcctaagaaaaatggtaataatggtgggaaatccaactcaaaaa
agaatagaaatgtgaagagaacgattattaagattattggcttcatgattattgcatttttcgttgttct
tttactaggtatcttattgtttgcttattatgcttggaaagcacctgcttttaccgaagctaaattacaa
gatccgattcctgcaaagatatatgacaagaacggagaacttgttaaaacattagataatggccaaagac
atgagcatgtaaatttaaaagacgtgccgaaatcaatgaaagacgcagtacttgcaactgaagacaatcg
tttctacgaacacggcgcacttgattataaacgtttattcggtgcaattggtaagaacttgactggtgga
tttggttctgaaggtgcctcaacattaacacaacaagttgttaaagatgcatttttatcacaacataaat
ctattggacgtaaagctcaagaagcatacttatcatatcgtttagaacaagagtatagtaaagatgatat
cttccaagtatatctaaacaaaatttactactctgatggcgtaacaggtattaaagctgctgctaagtat
tactttaataaagatttaaaagatttaaacttagcggaagaagcttatttagccggtttacctcaggttc
caaacaactataatatttatgatcatccaaaagctgctgaagatcgtaaaaacactgttttatacttaat
gcattatcataaacgcattacagataaacagtgggaagatgctaagaaaatcgatttaaaagcgaactta
gtaaatcgtactgctgaagaacgtcaaaacattgatacaaatcaagattctgagtataattcatacgtta
actttgtaaaatctgaattaatgaataataaagcattcaaagatgaaaatttaggtaatgtattacaaag
tggtattaaaatttatacaaacatggataaagatgttcaaaaaacattacaaaatgatgttgataatggt
agcttctacaagaataaagaccaacaagttggtgcaacgattcttgatagtaaaactggtggtttagttg
ctatatctggtggacgtgatttcaaagacgtcgttaacagaaaccaagcaacagatccacaccctactgg
ttcatctttaaaacctttcttagcgtatggacctgccattgaaaatatgaaatgggcaacaaaccatgcg
attcaagatgaatcttcatatcaagttgatggctctacatttagaaactacgatgtgaagagtcacggta
ctgtatcaatttatgatgctttacgacaaagtttcaatatcccagctttaaaagcttggcaatcagttaa
gcaaaatgctggtaatgatgcacctaagaaattcgctgccaaacttggcttaaactacgaaggcgatatt
ggtccatctgaagtacttggtggttctgcttcagaattctcaccaacacaattagcatcagcatttgctg
caatcgctaacggtggtacttataacaacgcgcattcaattcaaaaagtagttactcgtgatggtgaaac
aatcgaatacgatcatactagccataaagcgatgagtgattacactgcatacatgttagctgagatgcta
aaaggtacatttaaaccatatggttctgcatatggccatggtgtatctggagtaaatatgggtgctaaga
caggtactggtacttacggtgctgaaacttattcacaatataatttacctgataatgcagcgaaagacgt
gtggattaacggctttacacctcaatacactatgtcagtgtggatgggcttcagcaaagttaaacaatat
ggtgaaaactcatttgtgggacatagccaacaagaatatccacagttcttatatgaaaatgtgatgtcaa
aaatttcatctagagatggcgaagactttaaacgtcctagctcagtaagtggtagtatcccatcaatcaa
tgtttctggtagtcaagataacaacactacaaatcgtagtgcacacggtggtagtgacacatcagcaaac
agcagtggtactgcacaatcaaataacaatactagatctcaacaatctagaaacagcggtggattaacag
gtatattcaactaa
>Potential gene 26:27297..28118, 822 bp
atgttgtgtataataaacaacgtttactaccaaacttgtgtggtgaaatttatgaattatccaaatggta
aaccatatcgtaaaaatagtgctatagacggagggaaaaagaccgctgcctttagtaatattgagtatgg
tggacgtggtatgtcacttgaaaaagatatcgaacattcaaatgcgttttatcttaaaagcgacattgca
gttattcacaaaaagcctacgccggtacaaatagttaatgtcaactatcccaaacggagtaaagctgtga
ttaacgaagcttattttcgtacaccttcaacaactgattacaacggcgtttatcaaggttattatattga
ttttgaagcaaaggaaactaaaaacaagacgtcctttcctttaaataatattcatgatcatcaagtcgaa
catatgaaaaatgcatatcaacaaaaaggtattgtgtttttaatgattcgttttaaaacgctagatgaag
tttatcttttaccctattcaaaattcgaaatattttggaagagatataaagataatattaaaaagtctat
aacagttgatgaaatacgaaaaaatggttaccatattccttatcagtatcaaccaagattagactatcta
aaagcagttgataagttgatattagatgaaagtgaggaccgcgtatgacggaaaacaaaggatcttctca
gcctaagaaaaatggtaataatggtgggaaatccaactcaaaaaagaatagaaatgtgaagagaacgatt
attaagattattggcttcatgattattgcatttttcgttgttcttttactag
>Potential gene 27:28555..28956, 402 bp
atgacgaatacagtatattgtgataaattaaaaaatgtaggaggcgtcctcatgaatgatgtagtcgaat
cactaatttatgaagttaacaacatgcaacaaaattttgaaaatgtgaaatcacaacaacaagatcatga
tttttaccaaactgtaaagccatatactgaacatattgatagcatgctcaatgagatcaaattacatcgt
gaatttattatagaagtaccttatatgaattcaaggaaatttgagctactgattgctaacattgaacaac
tttctgtcgaatgtcattttaagcgaacaagtcgaaagttatttattgaaaagcttaaaagtgttcaata
tgatttacaaaatatattagatggcgtaacaaaagagggtactcatggttaa
>Potential gene 28:28949..29512, 564 bp
atggttaaaacagtttatgtaacaggttacaaatcattcgaattaaacatttttaaagatgacgcacctg
aagtacattatttaaaacaatttataaaacataaaattgaacaactgttggatgaaggattagaatgggt
gttaatacaagggcaaatgggtatagaattatggactgcagaagttgttattgaattacaacgaacatat
gattcgttaaagtttgctgtaattacaccgttccaaggacatacagaaaagtggaatgaacataatcaaa
gtaagtatgccaacataattaagcatgcagattatgttgatagtatttttcatacgccgtatcaaggtcc
ttttcaatttaaacaagcagatcaatttatgcttgaacattcggaccaaacattgctcatttatgatgag
gaacaagaggcgagtcctaagttcttcaagcagatgttagttgattttatggataaaacaaactatactt
gtgatattgtgacgttcgatgaattaacagcattcatcaatgacttacagtggtctgaagatcaaagttt
ctaa
>Potential gene 29:29478..29870, 393 bp
atgacttacagtggtctgaagatcaaagtttctaatgaggtggaaaaaatgtcagatgtttcattgaaat
tatcagcaaaagatatttatgaaaaagattttgaaaaaacgatggctcgtggctatagaagagaagaagt
agatgcatttttagatgacattattgctgattatcaaaaaatggccgatatgaataatgaagttgtaaaa
ttatcagaagagaatcataaacttaaaaaagaattagaagaattaagactacgtgtagcaacatctagac
ctcaggacaataaaagtttttcttcgaataatacaacaacaaatacatcttcaaataatgtagatatttt
aaaacgtatttcaaacttagaaaaagctgtatttggtaaataa
>Potential gene 30:30222..30473, 252 bp
atgaagtggtgtagacagatggttatcacctgagtaccagtgtgactagtgcacgtgatgagtacgatgg
aacagaacatggcttatagaaatatcactactagtttagctctcctagatgatggagagcttttttcatg
aaaagaacacttaaaattaacgccttgtcttgatataatgacactgccttgttttaaaataataagcgaa
tgcgttaatgtatcagcgattaaatttgttggaaatgtataa
>Potential gene 31:30521..31666, 1146 bp
atgtttcaattacttgcagtttgtccgatgggattagaagctgttgttgctagggaaattcaagaattag
gctatgaaacaaatgttgaaaatggtcgtatattttttgaaggagacgcaagtgcaattgtaaaggcaaa
tttatggttgcgcacagcagaccgaatcaaaattgttgttggacgttttaacgcaacaacgtttgacgaa
ttattcgaacaaaccaaagcgctcccttgggaatctattattgataaagaaggtaacttcccagttcaag
gtagaagcgttaaatcaacactacatagtgtgccagattgtcaggcgataactaagaaagctattgttga
acgattacgtcgtgcatataacgaaaagggttggttaaatgaatcaggtgccaaataccctgttgaagtt
gccattttaaaagataatgtattattgaccatcgacacatcaggttctggtttgaacagacgtggatata
gattagcacaaggtgaagcaccaattaaagaaacgttggcagcaagtttaatccgtctcgcaaactggaa
aggtgatacacctttaattgatccattttgcggttcaggtactatagctatagaagcttgtttaattgct
caaaatatcgcacctggttttaatcgcgaattcgtatcagagcaatggaacatcatgccagcaaatattt
atgatgattaccgtgatgaagcggataagatggctgattatgataaggaaatcgaagtatatgcttctga
tattgatccagaaatggtagagattgctaagcgtaatgctgaagaagttgggttgtctgatattattaaa
tttagtgtaaaagatgtcaatacattaacaattgatacagaagaaccggtggcgttaattggaaatcctc
catatggtgaacgtattggtgatcgtgaagaagttgaagaaatgtaccgttatattggtaaactaatgaa
acaacatccatttttatctacatacattttaacaagtaataaagaatttgaatatttagtagatcgtaaa
gcaacgaagcgacgtaagttatttaatggatatatagaatgtacttattatcaatactggggtaaaaaga
cagaacgtaaaactatcgaaaactaa
>Potential gene 32:31750..32082, 333 bp
atgggtaaaaaaatgggtctaggtttatctatagcattggttgttattggtattgccgttgtatgtttaa
tgattttttctagtcaaaaaacgacttattttggttatatgaatagtaatacaaatgcagaaaaagttgt
cagtgaaaaagatggattagtcaaacataatatcaaagtagaaccatctaatgatttcaagccgaaaaaa
ggagactttgtaaaattagtttctaaagatggtgggaagacattttataaacaagagattgttaaacatg
atgacgtcccacacggtttaatgatgaaaattcacgacatgcatatgaattaa
>Potential gene 33:32291..33631, 1341 bp
atgaaaaatacatttaatccattacaaagattacatttctatgcagcaatatttattgctccactgttaa
tcactttaaccatttcgggcattggttacttgttctttccagaagttgaaaataatatttataagaataa
gttttttggtgacagtgatgtaaaaacgcatcaaacattaaatgatgcagtacatcaagttgaacaacaa
tatgaaggattctttgtaagtaaagttagcatacttgatgaaccatataacaaacgaattacactgagtg
atatggcaggaaatcaacgttacgtctttctagatcgtaacaatcaatttgttgcagatcaaaatgcgaa
acatacgtattctaatgtgatgcgaagtatacatagttctttgtttactgaaaatactattattaattat
ttagtagagttaaccgcatgttggacgatattcatgattttatctggtacttatttactcattaagaagc
atttaatttctaacaaaagtaaggcacttcgttggcaaaagtggcacgcaatgattggagttatcattgc
aattccagtatttgtattagtcataactggattgccatggtctggttttatgggtagtaaaattgccggt
atgatggacacaaacggtgaccttggtcaaggtgaattagcgattaatccacctaaatcagatttgaacg
aattaccttgggctacacgtaaaaataaacagccagcttcatccgaaaaaggttcaagtggtcatcatgg
taatgcagcaatgcctcaaaccaaattagattatcaaatatctattgataaggtcgttgaacaggcgcaa
aaatctggtattaaaaagccgttttcaatcgtatatccaagtgatagaaatggtgcctttattgtatcta
atactagtaattcaggtgttactgggctagatgtatcaccttacaaggaacaaacactttatttcgatca
atatagcggtaaaaagttaggtacgattaaatatgatgactacggtattattgctaaatggtttacatgg
ggcattccgcttcacgaaggtcatttattcggcattttaaataaaatcattaatttatttgtatgtatcg
ctttattagtagccattggcatggggtttgtctcttggataaagcgtacaaaaaatactgcagtaaaagt
accacatcgcgtaaaaaaaccagcatctatatcactcataatatgtttaattgtattaggattattaatg
ccattatttggattatcacttatccttgtatttataattgaattaatattatatattaaagatcgtcgtg
ctaaacaataa
>Potential gene 34:33860..37375, 3516 bp
atggatatcgatattgtatgaattcgttttaacaagcaagcatttctatgtgaacgaaccaaaggggaaa
gtaacatgattaataaagaacaattagatcttttatataaattaaaaaaagaagttgaaaagtcgcgaaa
tgaagcacttttacatacaattaaccaagtaattaagaaagtatatttgcagcaatatacatgttcgttc
gttggacatttttctgcaggtaaatcgacactgataaatttattaattgaacaagatatcttaccaagtt
cacctgtaccaacgacaagtaatactgctatcgtgtcagtttcagacaatcacgatattattgctaattt
gccgaatcaaacgtatgccaaattatctaattatgatgaagtaagggaaatgaatcgccaaaatgtcgac
gttgaatctgtagaaattaattttcaatcaactaaatttgaaaatgggtttacgttgcaagatacaccag
gtgttgattcaaatgttgcatcacatcagtcaataacagaacaatatatgtatacaagcaatatgatatt
ttatacggttgactataaccacgttcaatctgaacttaactttaagtttatgaagcatataaatgatgtt
ggaatacctgttgtgtttatcattaatcaaattgacaagcatcaagacgatgaattgtcattctctacgt
ttaaatctcgagttgaaaaatcaattgctgattggggcattaaattagaacgcatcttttatgtatctaa
atttgatcaccctgaaaatgaacttgaagtattatcaacttatctagtttcattagatcaacatagagaa
acaatagaggattatacattaagaacggttgaatatattaccgaagctcagctagattatattcagtctg
aaattcaggaagtattagaagatttgggtatcgaagaagcagagtttgaacaagcatttttaaatagtca
acagcatcaagcaattagtgaagaggcacaacttttaaataatccagatgaattaatggcatttttaaag
aataagcgtaaaaatattttagaaaatgcatacattatgccgcataatatgagagaaatgttacgaagtt
atttggaaagtatgtctcaagactttaatgttggcggattttttaataaaaagaagaaaaagctacaaat
tcaacaacagcgattattaacagcgacagatgcgttacaagaacatgttaatcaacaaattcgtcaacca
atgcgagaagatatgtcatttgttacacgttttatcaataaaaaagaagcttcagataaagtattaaatc
agcattatgacgttaagtcggaaatgattgaagctttatatcaaccacaaacatcaatcagcaatactta
tgtacttacattttcagacgaagtggttaaagccattaagaaatacgttgaacaacagtcaacaccgatt
tttaaagaaattatagaaaatgtgcaggcagatgaattaccaacagaagaaagtgatgatttaaaagaat
atcaacgttatacagaattaaatgagctgcgtcagtcattgacgactaagaattatcgtcactactatat
tcatttagatgaatctctagataaattagtagatcgacaagagacaacatatcaagtggctactgataat
gctcagggtaatcgagataatcaacagctaaatcagaataccgctacaacaaatatgtctatagatattc
aaaaagcacttgatataatttcggatgtgcctttgttcaagcgtacaaagcaggatatccacgaaacatt
aacacgtatagataataaattaataaaaataggcgtatttggaacatttagtgcgggtaaaagtagtttg
ataaatgcattattaggcgagcatattttagtcagttctccaaatcctactacagcagctactacagaaa
tatcttatggagacgagagttatataacgctaaaatcacaatcgcaattattagatgaaattaatgcagt
agttgaataccaagatatatctttttcaactatagaagactttattaattcagatttagaaaagttaaaa
tcacatttaaataaaaatcaactcgcttttgttcatgcagttgaaaaacattataaattgtatgtcagta
tgttggaaaacggagaaaaacatgccattaatcaacaagaattgaaaaagtggagtgcagaagatgaata
tgcaacatttgttaaaacagtacacattgcattaatgcatgattggttaaaaggtaaaataattgttgat
tccttagggctacactcaaataaccaaaggcatacaaatgaaacagagcaaattttaacttcttcagact
taatattgtatgtgagttattttaatcattcatttactgataatgacaaggcgtttatagaacacatgaa
agatatgaaccagttgaatgaaaaccaagcatttaaaatggtaattaatgctgctgatttagcagaaagt
caagatgatcttgaagcggttgaaacatatgtatcagatgcattaagacaagtacacttacaatcagaca
tttttgctgtatcaagtcgaaatgcattgcaagctgaagataagggcattgatcaattaaaacaaagcat
acaacaatttgttgatgttgattctaaatcaattttagaacaacaaatgattcatcagcttcagcaaatg
gatcgttcttatgtagagatgattacagaattcgaaacaaataaagctgatatttcacgtcgccaacaaa
ggttaacagactataaagataaacagcgtttacaacatcaattaattgatgcgacgctacaacatacaga
caacgaagttgaagaacaagtttatcatttaaatgcacgtttaaaattacaactacttgacgatgttaaa
tcagtgtttaattctcaaatgacgcaaaatagtgattttaatgaagaaaagaaagtgtctacgaaagtat
acttagatcaaattcatcaacgattgtttttagagcaatctttaattacagaacgtataaaaaaatactt
taataagcaactcactgagcaaattgccccaatcgttcaacaattagcagatttacatgtcattgttaat
cctcagtttaactttgaatcagctaatatagagcaaccattattgcacatcgatttcaatgatatgctaa
atgcattgcctaaacaattaacaaaacgtaaaattttgaatccaaatgggcaaagagatatacatgaatc
aatttgtcaaagtacgttaggattattacaaccacaaatgggattattgaggcaacagcttgaattatat
gtaaagcaaatggctgtagaagctgaatcgcaatttgaaagttttgaagctaatattcaaacgcaaataa
acgatttattagcatttgatttagatacaacacttatcaatcaattgaaagataaacatcaacaactgaa
aactattttatattaa
>Potential gene 35:37395..38273, 879 bp
atgccaaataaaatattacttgtagatggtatggcgctattatttagacatttctacgctacaagtcttc
ataaacaatttatgtacaattcacaaggtgtacctacaaatggaatacaaggatttgtgcgtcatatctt
ttcggcaatacatgaaatacgccctacacatgtagctgtatgttgggatatgggacaatcaacttttaga
aatgatatgtttgatggttataagcaaaatcgttctgcaccaccagaagaattgataccacaatttgatt
atgttaaagaaatttcagagcaatttggctttgtaaatattggcgttaaaaactatgaagcggatgatgt
tataggtacattagcacaacaatattcaactgataacgatgtctatattattacgggcgacaaagattta
ctgcaatgtattaatgacaatgttgaagtttggctaattaaaaaaggttttaacatttataatagatata
cattacatcgttttaacgaagaatatgaccttgaaccacaacaactaatcgatattaaagcgtttatggg
tgatacagcagatggatatgcaggtgttaaaggaattggtgagaaaacggctattaagttaattcagcaa
tatcaaagcgttgaaaatgtggttgaaaacattgatgcattatcagctggacaacgtaataagattaatg
acaatttagatgaactatatttatcgaagcgactggctgaaattcacacacaagtaccaattgatagtga
agcgctttttgagaaaatgtcatttgcaacaacgcttaatcatattttatcaatttgcaacgaacatgaa
ttacatgtttcaggaaaatatatttcatctcatttttaa
>Potential gene 36:38747..39865, 1119 bp
atgttagttgcagtagtcaaagaattaaaacaaggtgaaggacgtgtagcttgcacacccgaaaatgtgc
gtaagttaacggatgcaggacataaagtaattgtagaaaaaaatgctggcattggttcaggattttctga
cgatatgtatgaaaaagaaggcgctaagattgtaactcacgaacaagcatgggaagcagatctggttatc
aaagtaaaagaaccacatacaagtgaatatcaatattttaaaaaagatcaaatcatctggggattcttac
atttagcatcttcaaaggaaatagtagaaaaaatgcaagaagttggtgttactgctattagtggtgaaac
cattataaaaaatggaaaagcagaattattagcgccaatgagtgctatagcaggtcaacgctcagcaatt
atgggagcttactactctgaagcacaacatggtggtcaaggtactttagtgactggtgtacatgaaaatg
tggatatacctggtagtacatatgtgattttcggtggtggcgtagcagcaacaaatgcagcaaatgttgc
cttgggactaaatgctaaagtaatcattatcgagttaaacgatgatcgcattaaatatttacaagacatg
tatgcagaaaaagatgtcacagtagtcaaatcaacaccagaaaatttagcagaacaaataaaaaaagcag
atgtatttatttctacaattttaattccaggtgcgaaaccgccaaaattggttactcgtgagatggttaa
atcaatgaaaaaaggttcagtattaatcgatatagctattgaccaaggtggaactattgaaacaattaga
ccaactacaatttctgatccagtgtatgaagaagaaggtgtgattcattacggtgtaccaaaccaaccag
gagcagtcccaagaacttcaacaatggcattagcacaaggaaatattgattatatattagaaatttgtga
caaaggcttagaacaagcaattaaagataatgaagccttaagtactggtgtaaacatttaccaaggacaa
gtgacaaatcaaggattagctacatcacatgacctagattataaagaaatattaaatgttatcgaatag
>Potential gene 37:39960..41000, 1041 bp
atgacaaccaacacagttacattacaaacagcacatattgtaagtttaggagatatcgaagaagctaaag
caagcattaaaccatttattcgtcgaacacctctaattaaatcaatgtatttaagccaaagtataactaa
agggaatgtatttctaaaattagaaaatatgcaattcacaggatcttttaaatttagaggcgctagcaat
aaaattaatcacttaacagatgaacaaaaagaaaaaggcattatcgcagcatctgctgggaaccatgcac
aaggtgttgctttaacagctaaattattaggcattgatgcaactatcgtaatgcctgaaacagcaccaca
agcaaaacaacaagcaacaaaaggctatggggcaaaggttattttaaaaggtaaaaactttaacgaaact
agactttatatggaagaattagcgaaagaaaatggcatgacaatcgttcatccatatgacgataagtttg
taatggcaggccaaggaacaattggtttagaaattttagatgatatttggaatgtgaatacagtcatcgt
accagttggcggtggaggattaattgcaggtattgccaccgcattaaaatcatttaacccttcaattcat
attatcggtgttcaatctgagaatgttcatggtatggctgagtctttctataagagagatttaactgaac
atcgagtggatagcacaatagcagatggttgtgatgtaaaagttcctggtgaacaaacatatgaagtagt
taaacatttagtagatgaatttattcttgttactgaagaagaaattgaacatgctatgaaagatttaatg
cagcgtgccaaaattattactgaaggtgcaggcgcattaccaacagctgcaattttaagtggaaaaataa
acaataaatggcttgaagataaaaatgttgttgcattagtttcaggcgggaatgttgacttaactagagt
ttcaggtgtcattgaacatggactgaatattgcagatacaagcaagggtgtggtaggttaa
>Potential gene 38:41031..42353, 1323 bp
atgtcaaatggtaaagaattacaaaaaaatataggtttcttctcagcgtttgctattgttatggggacag
ttattggttcaggagtattctttaaaatatcaaacgtaacagaagtaacaggaacagcaggaatggcctt
gtttgtatggttcctaggcggcatcattaccatttgtgcggggttaacagcagcagaacttgctgctgca
atccctgaaacaggtggcttaacgaagtatatagaatatacatacggtgatttctggggcttcttatcag
gctgggcacaatcatttatttattttccagcaaacgtagcagcattgtctatcgtatttgcgacacagtt
aattaatttattccatttatctataggttcattaataccaatagcaatcgcatctgcgttatctattgtg
ttgataaatttcctaggttcaaaagcaggtggaattttacaatcagttacattagtaattaaactgattc
caatcatcgttatcgtaatttttggtatttttcaatctggagatatcactttttcattaattccaactac
aggtaattcaggaaatggtttctttacagcaattggtagtggtttattagcaactatgtttgcatatgat
ggttggattcatgtaggaaatgttgcgggggaacttaaaaatcctaaacgcgatttacctttagcgattt
cagttggtatcggttgtattatggctgtgtatttattaattaacgctacattcttattaacgttgccaat
tgaactacttgctggtaatttaaatgcagcttcagatacatcaaaaatattatttggtgaaaatggcggt
aagattattacaattggtatattaatttctgtttatggtacgatcaatggctatactatgactggtatgc
gcgtaccatatgcaatggctgaaagaaaattattgccatttagccacttattcgcaaaattaacaaaatc
tggcgcaccatggtttggcgcaattatacaacttataatcgctatcatcatgatgtcaatgggagcattt
gatacaattacaaacatgttaatctttgttatttggttgttctattgtatgtcatttgttgcggtaataa
ttttaagaaaacgtgaaccaaatatggagcgaccatataaagtaccgttatatccaatcatacctttaat
tgctattttggcaggatcatttgtattaattaatacactgtttacacaatttatactagcaattattggg
attctaatcacagcacttggtataccagtttattactataagaagaaacaaaaagcagcataa
>Potential gene 39:42380..43903, 1524 bp
atggatggactactaataaatttaaagttttacacattaaaatcaaaaaccattcaattattctatcgaa
cagacaaatttctgttatggaatttgtctgttttcaaaagtatagggaggcaaatagagatggaaaagcc
gtcaagagaggcatttgaaggcaataataagttgttaataggaattgttttaagtgtaataacgttttgg
ctatttgcacaatcattggttaatgttgtaccaatacttgaagatagtttcaatacagatattggaacgg
taaatatcgccgttagtataactgctttattttcaggaatgtttgtagtaggagcaggtggtcttgctga
taaatatggcagaattaaactcacgaacattggtattatcttaaatatattgggttcattattaatcatt
atttcaaatattcctttattacttattttaggaagattaattcaaggactttcagcagcatgtattatgc
ctgcaactttgtctattattaagtcatattacattgggaaagatagacaacgcgctttaagttattggtc
aattggctcatggggcggctcaggtgtttgttcattttttggaggtgcagttgcaacgcttttaggttgg
cgttggattttcatcctatcaattataatttcattaattgcgctatttcttattaaaggcacacctgaaa
ctaaatctaaatcgatttctctaaataaatttgacattaaaggtctggttcttttagtcattatgctcct
cagtttaaacattttaattactaaaggatcagaattaggtgtaacctcacttctttttatcactttatta
gcaattgcaattggatcttttagtttatttatagttcttgaaaagcgtgctacaaatcctttaatcgatt
ttaaattatttaaaaataaagcttatacaggtgcaacagcttcaaactttttgttaaatggtgttgcggg
aacattaatagtagccaacacatttgttcaaagaggtttaggatattcttcattgcaagcaggaagttta
tcaatcacttatttagtaatggtactaattatgattcgtgttggtgaaaagttacttcaaacactcggat
gcaagaaaccaatgttaattggaacaggagttcttattgtcggagaatgtctcatttcattaacattttt
gccagaaatattgtatgtcatttgttgtgttataggttatttattctttggtttaggactaggaatatat
gctacaccatcaacagatacagcaattgcaaatgcaccgttagaaaaagtaggcgttgctgcaggtatct
ataaaatggcttctgcattaggtggagcatttggcgtcgcattaagtggtgcagtttatgcaatcgtatc
aaatatgacaaacatttatacaggtgcaatgattgcattatggttaaacgcaggtatgggaattttatca
ttcgttatcattttgttacttgtgcctaaacaaaacgacactcaattatgataa
>Potential gene 40:45042..71864, 26823 bp
atgcctcaacgtcaacaaactagccgacgctcaagcagaattcaaacgcgttcagttgagtcaagagctg
cagaacctagatcagtatcaagttatcaaaatgcagactcttcatactacgttgaaaatgctaatgacgg
ttcagggtatcctgtaggtacatatattaatgcatcaaacaaaggtgcgccattctatcttcctacagcc
ccatggaatactttgaaagcatcagctgcaaaagaaatagtactgatcacagcgaaacaaactggagacg
gatatcaatgggtaattaagtttaacaaaggtcatgcaccacatgaaaatatgattttctggtttgcttt
accgtcagatcaagtgccagttggacgtactgactttgtaacagtgaatgcagacgggacgaatgtacaa
tggagtaatggtgcgggagctggtgcttacaaaccacttccacaaatgtggccatatggtgtaaatgact
cacgttcgcgagactttaaaattagaaatagaagcggacaagttatttatgattggactgatgttcatgt
aaatacattgagagacttagcgcgagcaggagattatttcagtgaagctggagcacccgctgcgactaaa
gctataggggaacaaacgtttagatatattaatggtgaaagaccaacagaatcccctggtgcatcaaaag
tttatacttttattggtgctggcgatgcaagttatacgatttcatttaaaacacaaggaccaacaacgaa
caaattgtattatgcagccggtggtcgtgctctagaatacaatcaattatttatgtatagccaactatac
gtagaatcaacgcaagaccaccaacaacgacttgatggttttagacaagtagttaatcgttcttatcgtt
tagatacaacaaaaagagtagaagtaagtcagggtaacattcaaactaaaaaagtacttgaaagtacaaa
cctaaatatcgatgactttatggatgatccattaagttatgttaagacaccgagtaataaagtgttaggt
ttttatccaacaaatgcgaatcccaatgcatatagacatggtggaactaatccattaaatgaatatcaat
taagtcagttatttactgatgataaactacaacaggcagctagaactggcaatccaatacgattaatgat
tggatttgactatccagatggtcatggcaacgcagaaactttagtaccagttaacttgacggtattacct
gaaattcaacataatattaaattttataaaaatgatgacacacaaaatattgccgataaaccagcttcaa
gacaagcaggacatccaatcttctatgtatatgcaggtaatcaagggaatgcttcagtgaatttaggtgg
aagcgtaacatctattcaaccgttacgtattaatttaacaagtagtgaaaattttacagatagagattgg
caaataacaggtattccacgtacgttacacattgaaaactcgacaaatagacctaataatgccagagaac
gtaacattgaattggttggtaatttattaccgggtgactattttggaacaatacgttttggccgtaaaga
acaattattcgaaatacgtgttaagccacatacaccaacaattactacaactgctgaacaactaagaggt
acagcattacaaaaagtgccaattacagttacgaatattccgttggacccatcgtcattagtttatatcg
tttatccaacagatcaaacaagagatggtggatctgaagcagaccaaatgccttcaaactattcaatact
ggcgactggtacacctgatggtgtgcataataccataacaatacaaccaaaagactatactgtgtttatt
cctccggtaggtaaacaaattagagcattgatttattacaataaagttgttgcttctaatatgagtaatg
cggttactattttgccggatgatattccgccgacaattaataatccagttggcttaaatgcaaagtatta
tcgtggtgatgaagtcaactttacaatgggagtttcagatagacattctggaataaaaaatacaactatt
actactttaccgaatggttggacatcaaatttaactaaagcggataagaataatggctcattatctatta
ctggtagagtgagtatgaatcaggcatttaacagtgatattacatttaaagtgtcagcgacagataatgt
caataatacgacaaatgatagtcaatctaaacatgtgacagtacatgtaggtaaaattagtgaagatgcg
catccaattgtattagcaaattctgaaaaagttgtcgttgtaaatccgacatctgtatctaatgatgaaa
aacaacgaataattactgcatttatgaataaaaaccaaaatataagaggttatttagcttcatcaaatcc
agttacagttgataataatggtaatgtcacattacattaccgtgatggctcatcaacaacgcttgatgct
acaaatgtgatgacatacgaaccagttgtgaaacctgaatatcaaactgccaatgcacctaaaacggcaa
cggtaacaattgctaaaggacaatcatttagtataggtgatattaaacaatatttcactttaagtaatgg
acaagcgattccaaatggaacatttacaaatattacttcggacagaacgattccaacagcacaagaagtt
agtcaaatgaatgcaggtacacagttataccatatcgtcgcttcaaacgcgtatcataaagacactgaag
acttatatattagtttgaaaatcatcgatgtgaaacaaccagagggtgatcaacgtgtatatcgtacatc
aacatatgatttaactactgatgaaatttcaaaagtaaaacaagcatttattaatgccaatagggatgcg
attacgtttgcagaaggagatatatcggttacaaatacaccaaatggtgccaatgtgagtaccgttactg
tcaatattaataaaggtcgattaacgaaatcgtttacatcaaaccttgctaatatgaatttcttacgttg
ggttaatttcccacaagattatactgtatcttggacaaatgcgaaaatcgctagtagaccaactgatggt
ggtttatcatggtctgatgatcataaatcattaatttatcgctatgatgcaacattaggtacaccaatta
cgacgaatgatattttaacgatgttaaaagcaacaacgacagtgcctggattgcgtaataacattgccgg
taatgagaaaactcaagctgaagctggtggcagaccaaactatagaccaactggatattcacaagcaaat
gcttcatcagatgggcaacgtcaatatacgttaaatggacaagtaatccaagttctagatattattaacc
cgacgaatggtttcggtggtcaaacgattacaaactcaaatgttcgtgcaaaccatagtaattcaactgt
tgttagtgtcaatgaaccggcagctaatggtgcgggtgcatttacaattgatcatgtggtaaaaaataat
actacgcataatgcagctgatgcggtatacaaagcgcagttatacttatctccatatggaccaaaacaat
atgttgaacatttaaatcaaaatacgggaaatactaccgatgctattaacatttattttgtacctagtga
tctagtaaatccaactatttcagtaggtaattacgcaaatcatcaagtattctctggtgaaacatttacc
aatacgattacagcgaatgataactttggtgtgcaatctgtaactgtaccaaatacatcacaaattacag
gtactgttgacaataatcatcagcacgtttctgcaacagcgccaaatgtgacatctgctacaaataaaac
gatcaatttagtggcaactgatacaagcggcaatactgcaacaacgtcatacaatgtcacaattaaacct
ttacgtgataaatatcgagttggaacatcatcaacggctgctaatccagtgagaattgctaatatttcga
ataatgcgatagtatcacaagctgatcaaacagcaattattaattcattgacgtttactgaaacagtacc
aaatagaagttatgcaagagcaagtgcaaatgaaatcactagtaaaacagttagtaatgtgagtcgtact
ggaaataatgccaatgtcacagtaactgttacttatcaagatggaacaacatcaacagtgactgtacctg
taaagcatgtcattccagaaatcgttgcacattcgcattacactgtacaaggccaagacttcccagcagg
taatggttctagtgcatcagattactttaagttatctaatggtagtgccattccagatgcaactattaca
tgggtaagtggacaagcgccaaataaagataatacgcgtattggtgaagatataacagtaactgcacata
tcttaattgatggcgaaacaacgccgattacgaaaacagcaacatataaagtagtaagaactgtaccgaa
acatgtctttgaaactgacagaggtgttttatacccaggtgtttcagatatgtatgatgcaaaacaatat
gttaagccagtgaataattcttggtcgacaaatgcgcaaaatatgaatttccaatttgtgggaacttatg
gacctaacaaagatgttgtaggtatatcaacgcgtcttattagaatcacatatgataatagacaaactga
agaattaactattttatctaaagttaaaccagacccaccgagaattgatggcaactctgtaacatataaa
gcaggtcttacaaaccaagaagttaaagttaataacgtattaagtaactcgacggttaaattgtttaaag
ctgacaatacgccattaaatgttacaaatattatccatggcagtggctatagttcggttgtgacagtaag
tgatgcgttaccaaatggtggaattaaagcgaaatcttcaatttcaatgaacaatgtgacgtatacgacg
caagacgaacatggtcaagttgttacagtaacaagaaatgaatctgttgattcaaatgatagtgcttctg
ttacagtaacaccacaattacaagcaactactgaaggcgctgtatttattaaaggtggcgacggttttga
tttcggacacgtagaaagatttattcaaaacccaccacatggcgcaacggtcgcatggcacgataatcca
gatacatggaagaatacagtcggtaacactcataaaactgcggttgtaacattaccaagtggtcaaggta
cgcgtaatgttgaagttccagtcaaagtttatccagttgctaatgctaaggcgctatcacgtgatgtgaa
aggtcaaaatttgactaatggaacggatgcgatgagctacattacatttgatccaaatacaaacacaaat
ggtatcactgcagcatgggcaaatagacaacaaccaaataaccaacaagcaggcgttcaacatttaaatg
tcgatgtcacatatccgggtatttcagctgctaaacgagttcctgtaactgtgaacgtatatcaatttga
attccctcaaactacttataccacaacagttggtggcactttagcaagtggtacgcaagcatcgggatat
gcacatatgcaaaacgctactggtttaccaactgatggatttacgtataaatggaataatgcagcaacgg
gtacaaacgatgcaaactgggcagcaatgaataaaccgaatgcggctaaagtcgttaatgcgaaatatga
tgttatctataatggacatacatttgcaacatctctaccagcgaagtttgtagtaaaagatgtacaacca
gcgaaaccaactgtgactgaaacagcggcaggagcgattacaattgcacctggagcaaaccaaacagtga
atacacatgccggtaacgtaacaacatacgctgataaattagttattaaacgtaacggcagtgttgtgac
gacatttacacgtcataataatacgagtccatgggttaaagaagcatcagcaactaatgtaacaggtatt
gttggaacgaataatggtattactgttgcagcaggtactttcaatcctgctgatacaattcaatttgttg
caacacaaggtagtggtgaaacaatcagtgacgaacaacgtagtgatgatttcacagttgtcgcacctca
accgaaccaagcgactactaagatttggcaaaatggtcatattgatatcacgcctaataatccatcaggg
catttaattaatccaactcaagcaatggatattgcttacactgaaaaagtgggtaatggtgcagaacata
gtaagacaattaatgttgttcgtggtcaaaataatcaatggacaattgcgaataagcctgactatgtaac
gttagatgcacaaactggtaaagtgacattcaatgccaatactatcaagccaaattcagcaattaccatt
acaccgaaagcaggtacaggtcactcagcaagcagtaatccaagtacattaactgcaccggcagcacata
ctgtcaacacaacagaaattgtgaaagattatggttcaaatgtaacagcatctgaaattaacaatgcagt
tcaagttgctaataaacgtactgcaacgattaaaaatggcacagcaatgcctactaatttagctggtggt
agcacaacgacgattcctgtgacagtaacatacaatgatggcagtactgaagaagtacaagagtccattt
tcacaaaagcggataaacgtgagttaatcacagctaaaaatcatttagatgatccagtgagtacagatgg
taaaaagccaggtacaattacgcagtacaataatgcaatgcataatgcgcaacaacaaatcaatgctgcg
aaaacagaagcgcaacaagtgattaataatgagcgtgcaacaccacaacaagtgaacgcagcattatcta
aagtccaagcagcacaaactaagataaatgaagctaaagctttacttcaaaataaagaagataatagcca
attagtaacgtctaaaaataacttacaaagttctgtgaaccaagtaccatcaactgcgggtatgacgcaa
caaagtattgataactataatgcgaagaaacgtgaagcagaatcggaaattacagctgcacaacgtatca
ttgacaatggagatgcaactgcacaacaaatttcagatgaaaaacatcgtgtcgataacgcattaacagc
attaaaccaagcgaaacatgatttaactgcagatacacatgccttagagcaagcagtgcaacaattgaat
cgcacaggtacaacgactggtaagaagccagcaagtatcactgcgtataataattcaattcgtgcacttc
aaagtgacttaacaagtgctaaaaatagcgctaatgctatcattcagaagccaataagaacagtgcaaga
ggtacaatctgcattaacaaatgtaaatcgtgtcaatgagcgattaacgcaagcaattaatcaattagta
cctttagctgataatagtactttaagaactgctaagacgaaacttgatgaagaaattaataaatcagtaa
ctactgatggtatgacacaatcatcaatccaagcatatgaaaatgctaaacgtgcgggtcaaacagaatc
aacaaatgcacaaaatgttattaacaatggtgacgcgacagaccaacaaattgccgcagaaaaagctaaa
gtagaagaaaaatataatagcttaaaacaagcaattgctggattaacaccagacttggcaccattacaaa
ctgcaaaaacgcagttgcaaaatgatattgatcagccaacgagtacgactggtatgacaagcgcatctgt
tgctacatttaatgaaaaactttcagcagctagaactaaaattcaagaaattaatcgcgtactggcatct
catccagatgttgcaacgattcgtcaaaacgtgacagcagcgaatgctgctaaatcagcacttgatcaag
cacgtaatggcttaacagtcgataaagcgcctttagaaaatgcgaaaaatcaactacaacatagtattga
tacgcaaacaagtacaactggtatgacgcaagattctattaatgcatacaatgcgaagttaacagctgca
cgtaataagattcaacaaatcaatcaagtattagctggttcaccgacagttgatcaaattaatacaaata
cgtctgcagcaaaccaagctaaatctgatttggatcatgcgcgtcaagcattaacaccagataaaacacc
gcttcaaaatgcgaaaacgcaattagaacaaagtattaatcaaccaacagatacaacaggtatgacgacc
gcttcgttaaatgcgtacaaccaaaaattacaagcagcgcgtcaaaagttaactgaaattaatcaagtgt
tgaatggcaacccaactgtccaaaatatcaatgataaagtggcagaggcaaaccaagctaaggatcaact
aaatacagcacgtcaaggtttaacattagatagacagccagcgttaacaacattacatggtgcatctaac
ttaaaccaagcacaacaaaataatttcacgcaacaaattaatgctgctcaaaatcatgctgcgcttgaaa
caattaagtctaacattacggctttaaatactgcgatgacaaaattaaaagaaagtgttgcggataataa
ttctattaaatcaggtcaaaactacactgacgcaactcaagctaataaacaagcgtatgataatgcagtt
aatgcggctaaaggtgtcattggggaaacgaataatccaacgatggatgttaatacagtgaaccaaaaag
cagcatctgttaaatcgacgaaagatgctttagatggtcaacaaaacttacaacgtgcgaaaacagaagc
aacaaatgcgattacacatgcaagtgatttaaaccaagcacaaaagaatgcattaacacaacaagtgaat
agtgcgcaaaatgttcaagcagtaaataatattaaacaaacaactcaaagcttaaacactgcaatgacag
gtctaaaacgtggcgttgctaatcataaccaagtcgtacaaagtgataattatgtcaacgcagatactaa
taagaaaaatgattacaacaatgcatacaaccatgcgaatgacattattaatggtaatccacaacatcca
gttataacaccaagtgatgttaacaatgctttatcaaatgtcacaagtaaagaacatgcattgaatggtg
aagctaagttaaatactgcgaaacaagaagcgaacactgcattaggtcaattaaataacttgaataatgc
acaacgtcaaaacttacaatcgcaaattaatggtgcgcatcaaatcgagacagttaatacgattaagcaa
aatgcaactaacttaaatagtgcaatgggtaatttaagacatgctgttgcagataaagagcaagtcaaac
gtacagaagattatgcggatgcagatacagctaaacaaaatgcatataatagtgccgtttcaagtgctga
aacaatcattaatcaatcaacaaatccgacaatgtctgttgatgatgttaatcgtgcaacttcagctgtt
actactaataaaactgcattaaatggtgatgaaaaattagcacaatctaaaacagatgctgcaagagcaa
ttgatgcattaccacatttaaataatgcacaaaaagcagatgttaaatctaaaattaatgctgcatcaaa
tattgctggcgtaaatactgttaaacaacaaggtacagatttaaatacagcaatgggtaacttgcaaggt
gcgatcaatgatgaacaaacgacacttaatagtcaaaattatcaagatgcgacacctagtaagaaaacag
catacacaaatgcggtacaagctgcgaaagatattttaaataaatcaaatggtcaaaataaaacgaaaga
tcaagttactgaagcgatgaatcaagtgaattcggctaaaaataacttagatggtacgcgtttattagat
caagcgaagcaaacagcgaaacagcagttaaataatatgacgcatttaacaactgcacaaaaaacgaatt
taacaaaccaaattaatagtggtactactgtcgctggtgttcatacggttcaatcaaatgccaatacatt
agatcaagccatgaatacgttaagacaaagtattgccaacaaagatgcgactaaagcaagtgaagattac
gtagatgctaataatgataagcaaacagcatataacaacgcagtagccgctgctgaaacgattattaatg
caaatagtaatccagaaatgaatccaagtacgattacacaaaaagcagagcaagtgaatagttctaaaac
ggcacttaacggtgatgaaaacttagctacggcaaaacaaaatgcgaaaacgtacttaaacacattaacg
agtattacagatgctcaaaagaacaatttgattagtcaaattagtagtgcgacaagagtgagtggtgttg
atactgtaaaacaaaatgcgcaacatctagaccaagctatggctagcttacaaaatggtattaataacga
atctcaagttaaatcttctgagaaatatcgtgatgctgatacaaataaacaacaagagtatgataatgct
attactgcagcgaaagcgattttaaataaatcgacaggtccaaacactgcgcaaaatgcagttgaagcag
cattgcaacgtgtgaatactgcgaaagatgcattgaatggtgatgcaaaattaattgcagctcaaaacgc
agcaaaacaacatctaggtactttaacacatatcactacagcacaacgtaatgatttaacaaatcaaatt
tcacaagctacaaacttagctggtgttgaatcagttaaacaaagtgcaaatagtttagatggcgcaatgg
gtaacttacaaactgctatcaacgataaatctggaacattagcgagccaaaacttcttggatgctgatga
gcaaaaacgtaatgcttacaatcaagctgtatcaaatgccgaaacaattttaaataaacaaactggaccg
aatacagcgaaaactgcagttgaacaagcacttaataatgttaatagtgcgaaacatgcattaaatggta
cgcaaaacttaaataatgcgaaacaagcagcgattacagcaatcaatggcgcatctgatttaaatcaaaa
acaaaaagatgtattaaaagcacaagctaatggtgctcaacgcgtttctaatgcacaagatgtacagcgc
aatgcgactgaactgaacacggcaatgggtacattaaaacatgccatcgcagataagacgaatacgttag
cgagcagtaaatatgttaacgccgatagcactaaacaaaatgcatacacaactaaagttaccaatgctga
acatattattagcggtacgccaacggttgttacgacaccttcagaagtaacagctgcagctaatcaagta
aacagcgcgaaacaagaattaaatggtgacgaaagattacgtgtagcaaaacaaaacgccaatactgcta
ttgatgcattaacgcaattaaatactcctcaaaaagctaaattaaaagaacaagtgggacaagccaatag
attggaagacgtacaaactgttcaaacaaatggacaatcattgaacaatgcaatgaaaggcttaagagat
agtattgctaacgaaacaacagtcaaagcaagtcaaaactatacagacgcaagtccgaataaccaatcaa
catataatagcgctgtgtcaaatgcgaaaggtatcattaatcaaactaacaatccaactatggatactag
tgcgattacccaagctacaacacaagtgaataatgctaaaaatggtttaaacggtgctgaaaacttaaga
aatgcacaaaacactgctaagcaaaacttaaatacgttatcacacttaacaaataaccaaaaatctgcaa
tctcatcacaaattgatcgtgcaggtcatgtgagtgaggtaacagctgctaaaaatgcagcaactgagtt
aaacacgcaaatgggtaacttggaacaagctatccatgatcaaaacacagttaagcaaagtgttaacttt
actgatgcagataaagctaaacgtgatgcgtatacaaatgcggtaagcagagcagaaacaattctgaata
aaacgcaaggtgcaaatacttcaaaacaagatgttgaagcagctattcaaagtgttactagtgctaaaaa
tgcattgaatggtgatcaaaatgtcacaaatgcgaagaatacagctaaacatgcattaaataacttaacg
tctattaataatgcacaaaaacgtaacttaacaactaaaattgatcaagcaacaactgtagctggtgtag
aagcggtttctaatacaggtacgcaattgaatacagcgatggctaacttgcaaaatggtattaatgataa
aacaaatacactagcgagcgaaaactatcatgatgctgattcagataagaaaactgcttatactcaagcc
gttacgaacgcagaaaatattttaaataaaaatagtggatcaaatttagacaaagttgccgttgaaaacg
cgttgtcacaagtaacaaatgcaaaaggtgccctaaatggtaaccataatttagagcaagctaaatcaaa
tgcaaacactactataaacggacttcaacatttaacaactgcacaaaaagataaattgaaacaacaagtg
caacaagcacaaaatgttgcaggtgtagatactgttaaatcaagtgccaacacattaaatggtgctatgg
gtacgttaagaaatagcattcaagataacacaggtacgaaaaatggccaaaactatcttgatgctacaga
aagtaacaaaacaaactataacaatgctgttgatcgtgctaatggtgtcattaatgcaacaagcaatcca
aatatggatgctaatgcaattaaccaaatcgctacacaagtgacatcaacgaaaaatgcattagatggta
cacataatttaacacaagcgaaacaaacagcaacaaatgccatcgatggtgctactaacttaaataaagc
gcaaaaagatgcgttgaaagcacaagtgacaagtgcgcaacgtgttgcaaatgtaacaagtatccaacaa
actgcaaatgaacttaatacagctatgggtcaattacaacatggtattgatgatgaaaatgcaacaaaac
aaactcaaaaatatcgtgacgctgaacaaaataagaaaactgcttatgatcaagctgtagctgctgcgaa
agcaattttaaataaacaaactggatcaaattcagataaagcagcagttgaccatgcattacaacaagta
acaagtacgaaagatgcattgaatggtgatgctaaactggcagaagcgaaagcggcagctaaacaaaact
taggcactttaaaccatattacgaatgcacaacgtactgcgttagaaggtcaaatcaatcaagcgacgac
tgttgatggcgttaatactgtgaaaacaaatgcaaatacattagacggcgcaatgaatagcttgcaaggt
tcaatcaatgataaagatgcgacattaagaaatcaaaattatcttgatgcagatgaatcaaaacgaaatg
catatacgcaagctgtcacagcggctgaaggcattttaaataaacaaactggtggtaacacatctaaagc
agacgttgataatgcattaaatgcagttacaagagcgaaagcggctttaaatggtgctgacaacttaaga
aatgcgaaaacttcagcaacaaatacgattaatgggttaccacacttaacacaattacaaaaagacaact
tgaagcatcaagttgaacaagcgcaaaatgtagctggtgtaaatggtgttaaagataaaggtaatacgtt
aaatactgccatgggtgcattacgtacaagtatccaaaatgataatacgacgaaaacaagtcaaaattat
cttgatgcatctgatagcaacaaaaataattacaatactgctgtaaataatgcaaatggtgttattaatg
caacgaacaatccaaatatggatgctaatgcgattaatggcatggcaaatcaagtcaatacaacaaaagc
agcgttaaatggtgcacaaaacttagctcaagctaaaacaaatgcgacgaacacaattaacaacgcacat
gacttaaaccaaaaacaaaaagatgcattaaaaacacaagttaacaatgcacaacgtgtatctgatgcaa
ataacgttcaacgtacagctactgaattgaacagtgcgatgacagcacttaaagcagctattgctgataa
agaaagaacaaaagcaagcggtaattatgtcaatgctgatcaagaaaaacgtcaagcgtatgattcaaaa
gtgactaacgctgaaaatattattagtggtacaccgaatgcgacattaacagtcaatgacgtaaatagtg
cggcatcacaagtcaatgcggctaaaacagcattaaatggtgataacaacttacgtgtagcgaaagagca
tgccaacaatacaattgatggcttagcgcaattgaataatgcacaaaaagcaaaattaaaagaacaagtt
caaagtgcaactacattagatggcgttcaaactgttaaaaatagttctcaaacgttgaatacagcgatga
aaggcttaagagatagtattgcgaatgaagcaacaattaaagcaggtcaaaactacactgacgcaagtcc
aaataatcgtaacgagtacgacagtgcagttactgcagcaaaagcaatcattaatcaaacatcgaaccca
acgatggaaccaaatactattacgcaagcaacatcacaagtgacaactaaagaacatgcattaaatggtg
cgcaaaacttagctcaagctaagacaactgcgaaaaacaacttaaataacttaacatcaattaacaatgc
acaaaaagatgcgttaacgcgtagcattgatggtgcaacaacagtagctggtgtaaatcaagaaactgcc
aaagcaacagaattaaataacgcaatgcacagtttacaaaatggtatcaatgatgagacacaaacaaaac
aaactcagaaatacctagatgctgagccaagtaagaaatcagcttatgatcaagctgtaaatgcagcgaa
agcaattttaacaaaagctagtggtcaaaatgtagacaaagcagcagttgaacaagcattacaaaatgtg
aacagtacgaagacggcgttgaacggtgatgcgaaattaaatgaagctaaagccgctgcgaaacaaacgt
taggtacattaacacacattaataatgcacaacgtacagcgttagataatgaaattacacaagcaacaaa
tgttgaaggtgttaatacagttaaagccaaagcgcaacaattagatggtgctatgggtcaattagaaaca
tcaatacgtgataaagacacgacgttacaaagtcaaaattatcaagatgctgatgatgcgaaacgaactg
catattctcaagcagtaaatgcagcagcaactattttaaataaaacagctggcggtaatacacctaaagc
agatgttgaaagagcaatgcaagctgttacacaagcaaatactgcattaaacggtattcaaaacttagaa
cgtgcgaaacaggctgctaacacagcgattacaaatgcttcggacttaaatacaaaacaaaaagaagcat
taaaagcacaagtaacaagtgcaggacgagtatctgcagcaaatggtgttgaacatactgcgactgaatt
aaatactgcgatgacagctttaaaacgtgccattgctgataaagctgagacaaaagctagtggtaactat
gtcaatgttgatgcgaataaacgccaagcatatgatgaaaaagtgacagctgcagaaaatatcgttagtg
gtacaccaacaccaacgttaacaccatcagatgttacaaatgcagcaacacaagtaacgaatgcgaagac
gcagttaaacggtaatcataatttagaagtagcgaaacaaaatgctaacacagcaattgatggtttaact
tctttaaatggtccgcaaaaagctaaacttaaagaacaagtgggtcaagcgacgacgttgccaaatgttc
aaactgttcgtgataatgcacaaacattaaacactgcaatgaaaggtctacgagaaagcattgcgaatga
agcaacgattaaagcagatcaaaactacacggatgcaagtcaaagtaaacaaactgactacaacaatgca
gtcactgcagcaaaagcaatcattggtcaaacaactagtccaacaatgaatgcgcaagaaatcaatcaag
cgaaagaccaagtgacagctaaacaacaagcgttaaacggtcaagaaaacttaagaactgcgcaaacaaa
tgcgaagcaacatttgaatggcttaagtgacttaactaatgctcaaaaagaagcagccaaacgccaaatc
gaaggtgcaacgcatgttaatgaagtaacacaagcgcaaaataatgcggacgcattaaatacagctatga
cgaacttgaaaaatggtattcaagatcaaaatacgattaagcgaggtgttaacttcactgatgcagatga
agcgaaacgtaatgcatatacaaatgcagtgacgcaagctgaacaaattttaaataaagcacaaggtcca
aatactgcaaaagacggtgtcgaaactgcgttacaaaatgtacaacgtgctaaaaacgatttgaacggta
atcaaaatgttgcgaatgctaagacaactgcgaaaaatgcattaaataatttaacatcaattaataatgc
acaaaaagaagcattgaaatcacaaattgaaggtgcgacaacagttgcaggtgtaaatcaagtgtctaca
acggcatctgaattaaatactgcaatgagcaacttacaacgtggtatcaacgatgaagcagctacaaaag
cagctcaaaaatatactgatgcagatagagaaaaacaaacagcatacaatgatgccgtaacagcagctaa
aacgttattaaataaaacagctggttcaaatgataataaagcagccgttgaacaagcattacaacgtgtg
aatactgcgaaaaatgcattaaatggtgatgcgcgcttaaatgaagcgaagaaaacagctaaacaacaat
tagcgacaatgtcacatttaactgatgctcaaaaagcaaacttaacatcgcaaattgaacgcggtacgac
tgttgcaggtgttcaaggtattcaagctaatgctggtactttaaatcaagcaatgaatcaattaagacaa
agtattgcttctaaagatgcgactaaatcaagtgaagattatcaagacgcgaatacagatttacaaaatg
catacaaccgtgcagtatcagatgctgaaggtattattagtgcaacgaataaccctgaaatgaatccaga
tacgattaatcaaaaagcgagccaagtgaatagtgcgaagtcagcattgaacggtgacgaaaaattagca
gccgcaaaacaaactgcgaaaacagatatcggtcgtttaacagacttaaacaatgcccaacgaactgcgg
caaatgcagaagtggatcaagcaccaaaccttgcagcggtaacagcagctaaaaataaagcgacatcgtt
aaatacagcgatgggtaatttgaaacatgcacttgctgaaaaggataatacgaagcgaagtgtcaattac
acagatgcggatcgaccaaaacaacaagcgtatgacactgcagttacacaagccgaagcaattactaatg
ccaatggcagcaacgcgaatgaaacacaagttcaagcagcgcttaaccaattgaatcaagctaaaaatga
cttgaatggtgataataaagttgctcaagctaaagaagcagcgaaacgtgcattagcttcatataataac
ttgaataatgcgcaatcaattgcagcaactagtcaaattgacaatgcaacgacagtagcaggcgtaactg
ctgcacaaaatactgctaatgaattaaatacagctatgggtcaacttcaaaatagtattaatgaccaaaa
cactgttaaacaacaagtgaactttacagatgctgaccaaggtaagaaagatgcttacacaaatgctgtt
acgaatgctcaaggtattttagataaagcacacggtcaaaatatgacaaaagcacaagttgaagctgcat
taaatcaagtaacgactgctaagaatgctttaaacggtgacgcaaatgtaagacaagcaaaatcagatgc
gaaagcaaacttaggtacattaacacacttaaataatgcacaaaaacaagatttaacatcacaaatcgaa
ggcgcaacaacagtcaacggtgtaaatggtgttaaaacgaaagcacaagacttagatggtgcaatgcaac
gattagaatcagcaatcgcaaataaagatcaaactagagcgagcgaaaactacatcgacgcagatccaac
taagaaaacagcatttgataatgccatcacacaagctgaatcttacttaaataaagatcatggtgcgaat
aaagataagcaagctgttgaacaagcaattcaaagtgtaacgactgctaagaatgctttaaacggtgacg
cgaacttacaacgcgctaaaactgaagctacacaagctatcgataacttgacacatttgaatacaccaca
aaaaacagcgttaaaacaacaagtgaacgctgcgcaacgtgtatcaggtgtaactgatctgaaaaatagt
gctacatcacttaataatgcgatggatcaattaaaacaagcaattgctgatcatgacacaattgttgctg
gtggtaattacactaatgcaagtcctgataagcaaggtgcttatactgatgcatataatgctgcgaaaaa
cattgtaaatggttcacctaatgtggttacaaatgcagcagatgttacagcagcaacacaacgtgttaat
aatgctgaaacaggtttaaatggtgattcaaacttagcaactgcgaagcaacaagctaaagatgcattac
gtcaaatgacgcatttatctgctgcacaaaaacaaagtattactggtcaaattgatagtgcgacacaagt
aactggcgttcaaagtgtaaaagacaatgcaacaaatcttgacaatgcaatgaatcaacttcgaaatagt
attgcgaataaagatgaagttaaagcgagtcagccatatgttgatgcagatacagataaacaaaatgcat
acaacacagctgttacaagtgctgaaaatatcattaatgcaacgagtcagccgacacttgatccatctgc
agtaacacaagcagctaatcaagtgaacactaacaaaactgcgcttaatggtgtacaaaacttagcgaat
aaaaagcaagaaacgactgctaacatcaaccaattaagtcatttaaataatgctcaaaagcaagatttaa
atacgcaagtgacaaatgcaccaaatattagcacagtaaatcaagtgaaaactaaagctgaacaattaga
tcaagcaatggaacgtttaatcaacggaatccaagacaaagatcaagtgaaacaaagtgttaactttaca
gatgcagatccagaaaaacaaacagcatacaacaatgcggtaacggctgctgaaaatattattaatcaag
caaatggtacaaatgcgaaccaatcacaagttgaagcagcactttcaactgtaacaactactaaacaagc
gttgaatggtaatagaaaagtaacagatgctaaaaacaatgcaaaccaaacattatctacattagataac
ttaaacaatgcacaaaaaggtgctgttactggaaacatcaatcaagcgcacactgtagctgaagtaacgc
aagccattcaaacagctcaggaactgaatacagcgatgggtaacttgaaaaatagcttgaatgataaaga
cactacacttggcagtcaaaactttgcagatgcagatccagagaagaaaaatgcatacaatgaagcggtt
cataatgctgaaaatattttaaataaatctacaggtacaaacgtgcctaaagatcaagttgaagcagcta
tgaatcaagtgaatactacaaaagcagcgcttaatggtactcaaaaccttgaaaaagctaaacaacacgc
aaatacagcaattgacggtttaagccatttaacaaatgcacaaaaagatgcattaaaacaattggtacaa
caatcgactactgttgcagaagcacaaggtaatgaacaaaaagcaaacaatgttgatgcagcaatggaca
aattacgtcaaagtattgcagataatgcgacaacaaaacaaaaccaaaattatactgatgcaagtccgaa
taaaaaggatgcgtacaataatgctgtcacaactgcacaaggtattattgatcaaactacaagtccaact
ttagatccgactgttatcaatcaagctgctggacaagtaagcacaactaaaaatgcattaaatggtaatg
aaaacctagaggcggcgaaacaacaagcgacacaatcattaggttcattagacaacttaaataatgcgca
aaaacaaacagttactgatcaaattaatggcgcgcatactgttgatgaagcaaatcaaattaagcaaaat
gcgcaaaacttaaatacagcgatgggtaacttgaaacaagcgattgctgacaaagatgctacgaaagcaa
cagtaaacttcactgatgcagatcaagcaaaacaacaagcatataacactgctgttacaaatgctgaaaa
cattatttcaaaagctaatggtggcaatgcaacacaaactgaagttgaacaagcaatccaacaagtaaat
gcagcaaaacaagcattaaatggtaatgccaacgttcaacatgcaaaagacgaagcaacagcattaatta
atagctctaatgaccttaaccaagcacaaaaagacgcattaaaacaacaagttcaaaatgcaactactgt
agctggtgtaaacaatgttaaacaaacagcacaagagttaaacaatgcgatgacacaattaaaacaaggc
attgcagataaagaacaaacaaaagctgatggtaactttgtcaatgcagatcctgacaagcaaaatgcat
ataatcaagcagtagcaaaagctgaagcattaattagtggtacgcctgatgtagtcgttacacctagcga
aattactgcagctttaaataaagttacgcaagctaaaaatgatttgaatggtaatacgaacttagcaacg
gcgaaacaaaatgttcaacaagctattgatcaattgccaaacttgaatcaagcgcaacgtgatgaataca
acaaacaaattacgcaagcaactcttgtaccaaacgtcaatgctattcaacaagcggcgacaacgcttaa
tgacgcgatgacacaattgaaacaaggtattgcgaataaagcacaaattaaaggtagcgagaactatcac
gatgctgatactgacaagcaaacagcatatgataatgcagtaacaaaagcagaagaattgttaaaacaaa
caacaaatccaacaatggatccaaatacaattcaacaagcattaactaaagtgaatgacacaaatcaagc
acttaacggtaatcaaaaattagctgatgctaaacaagcagctaagacaaatcttggcacattagatcat
ttaaatgatgctcaaaaacaagcgttaacaacacaagttgaacaagcaccagatattgcaacagttaata
atgttaagcaaaatgctcaaaatctgaataatgctatgactaacttaaacaatgcattacaagataaaac
tgagacattaaatagcattaactttactgatgcagatcaagctaagaaagatgcttatactaatgcggta
gcacatgcagaaggtattttatctaaagcaaatggcagcaatgcaagtcaaactgaagtggaacaagcga
tacaacgtgtgaacgaagcgaaacaagcattgaatggtaatgacaatgtacaacgtgcaaaagatgcagc
gaaacaagtaattacaaatgcaaatgatttaaatcaagcgcaaaaagatgcattaaaacaacaagtcgat
gctgcgcaaactgttgcaaatgtaaacacaattaagcaaacagcacaagatttaaatcaagcaatgacac
aattgaagcaaggtattgcagataaagaccaaactaaagcaaatggtaactttgtcaatgcagatactga
taagcaaaatgcatataacaatgcggtagcacatgctgaacaaatcattagtggtacaccaaatgcaaac
gtggatccacaacaagtggctcaagcgttacaacaagtgactcaagctaagggtgatttaaacggtaacc
ataacttacaagttgctaaagacaatgcgaatactgccattgatcagttaccaaacttaaatcaaccaca
aaaaacagcgttaaaagaccaagtgtcacatgcagaacttgttacaggtgttaatgctattaagcaaaat
gctgatgcattaaataatgcaatgggtacgttgaaacaacaaattcaagcaaacagtcaagtaccgcaat
cagttgactttacacaagcggatcaagacaaacaacaagcatataacaatgcagctaaccaagcgcaaca
aattgcaaatggaacaccaacacctgtattgtcgcctgatacagtaacacaagcagttacaactatgaat
caagcgaaagatgcattaaacggtgatgaaaaattagcgcaagcgaaacaggatgctttagcaaatctgg
atacgttacgtgacttaaatcaaccacaacgtgatgcgttacgtaatcaaatcaaccaagcacaagcgtt
agctacagtcgaacaaactaaacaaaatgcacaaaatgtgaatgcaacaatgggtaacttgaaacaaggt
attgcaaataaagatactgtcaaagcaagtgagaactatcatgatgctgatgccgataagcaaacagcat
atacaaatgcagtgtctcaagcggaaggtattatcaatcaaacgacaaatccaacgcttaatccagatga
aataacacgtgcattaactcaagtaactgatgctaaaaatggcttaaacggtgaagctaaattagcaact
gaaaagcaaaatgctaaagatgccgtaagtggaatgacgcatttaaacgatgctcaaaaacaagcattaa
aaggtcaaatcgatcaatcgcctgaaattgctacagtgaaccaagttaaacaaacagcaacgagcctaga
tcatgcaatggatcaattatcacaagctattaatgataaagctcaaacattagcggacggtaattactta
aatgcagatcctgacaaacaaaatgcgtataaacaggcagtagcaaaagctgaagcattattgaataaac
aaagtggtactaatgaagtacaagcccaagttgaaagtatcactaatgaagtgaaaacagcgaaacaagc
attaaatggtaatgataatttagcgaatgctaagcaacaagcgaaacaacaattggcgaatttaacacac
ttaaatgatgctcaaaaacaatcatttgaaaatcaaataacacaagcgccacttgttacagatgtcacta
caattaatcaaaaagcgcaaacgttagatcatgcgatggaattattaagaaatagtattgcagataacca
agcgacattagcatctgaagattatcatgatgcaactgcgcaaagacaaaatgactataaccaagctgta
acagctgctaataatatcattaatcaaacaacatcacctacgatgaatccagatgatgttaatcgtgcaa
caactcaagtgaataacacgaaagttgcattagatggtgatgaaaaccttgtagcagctaagcaacaagc
gaacaatagacttgatcaattagatcatttaaataatgcgcaaaagcaacagttacaatcacaaattacg
caatcatctgatattgcagcagttaatggtcacaagcaaactgcagaatctttaaataccgcaatgggta
acttaatcaatgcgattgcagatcatcaagccgttgaacaacgtggtaacttcatcaatgctgatactga
taaacaaactgcttatactacagcagtaaatgaagcagaagcaatgattaacaaacaaactggtcaaaat
gcgaaccaaacagaagtagaacaagctattactaaagttcaaacaacacttcaagcgttaaatggagatc
ataatttacaagttgctaaaacaaatgcgacgcaagcaattgatgctttaacaagcttaaatgatcctca
aaaaacagcattaaaagaccaagttactgctgcaacattagtaactgcagttcatcaaattgaacaaact
gcgaatacgcttaaccaagcaatgcatggcttaagagaaagtattcaagataacgcaacaactcaagcaa
atagcaaatatatcaacgaagatcaaccagagcaacaaaactacgatcaagcagtgcaagctgcaaataa
cattatcaatgagcaaacagcgacattagataataatgcgattaatcaagcagcaacaactgtgaataca
acgaaagcagcattacatggtgatgtgaagttacaaaatgataaagatcgtgcgaaacaaacggttagtc
aattagcacatctaaacaatgctcaaaaacatatggaagatacgttaattgatagtgaaacaactagaac
agccgttaaccatgatttgactgaagcacaagcattagatcaacttatggatacattacaacaaagtatt
gctgacaaagatgcaacacgtgcgagcagtgcctatgtcaatgcagaaccgaataaaaaacaagcatatg
atgaagcagttcaaaatgctgagtctatcattgcaggattaactaatccaactatcaataaaggcaatgt
ttcaagtgcgacacaagcagtaacatcatctaaaaatgcattagacggtgttgaacgattagcgcaagat
aagcaaactgctggaaattctctaaatcatttagatcaattaacgccagcacaacaacaagcgctagaaa
atcaaattaataatgcaacaactcgtgataaagtggctgaaatcattgcacaagcgcaagcattaaatga
agcgatgaaagcattaaaagaaagtattaaagatcaaccacaaactgaagcaagtagtaaatttattaat
gaagatcaagcacaaaaagatgcttatacgcaagctgtacaacacgcgaaagatttgattaacaaaacaa
ctgatcctacattagctaaatcaatcattgatcaagcgacacaggcagtaactgatgctaaaaacaactt
acatggtgatcaaaaattagctcaagataagcaacgtgcaacagaaacgttaaataacttgtctaacttg
aatacaccacaacgtcaagcacttgaaaatcaaatcaataatgcagcaactcgtgacgaagtagcacaaa
aattaactgaagcacaagcacttaaccaagcaatggaagctttacgtaatagcattcaagatcaacagca
aacagaagcgggtagcaagtttatcaatgaagataagccgcaaaaagatgcataccaagcagcagttcaa
catgccaaagatttgattaatcaaactagcaatccaacgcttgataaagcacaagttgaacaattgacac
aagctgttaaccaagctaaagataacctacatggtgatcaaaaacttgcagacgataaacaacatgcagt
tactgatttaaatcaattaaatggtttgaacaatccgcaacgtcaagcgcttgaaagtcaaataaacaat
gcagcaactcgtggtgaagtagcacaaaaattaactgaagcacaagcacttaaccaagcaatggaagctt
tacgtaatagcattcaagatcaacagcaaacagaatctggtagcaagtttattaatgaagataaaccgca
aaaagatgcttaccaagcagcagttcaaaatgcaaaagatttaatcaaccaaacaggtaatccaacactc
gacaaatcacaagtagaacaattaacacaagcagtaacaactgcaaaagataatctacatggtgatcaaa
aactagctcgtgatcaacaacaagcggtaacgactgttaatgcattaccaaacttaaatcatgcacaaca
acaagcattaactgatgcaattaatgcagcgcctacaagaacagaggttgcacaacatgttcaaactgct
actgaacttgatcacgcgatggaaacattgaaaaataaagttgatcaagtgaaaacagataaggcccaac
caaattacactgaagcatcgacggataaaaaagaagcagtggatcaagcgttacaagctgcacaaagcat
tacagaacctaataatggttcaaatgcaaataaagatgctgtagaacaagcattaactaagcttcaagaa
aaagaaaatgagttaaatggtaatgagagagtcgctgaagctaaaacacaagcgaaacaaacagttgacc
aattaacacatttaaatgctgatcaaattgcaactgcaaaacaaaacattgatcaagcgatgaaacttca
accaatcgcttaa
>Potential gene 41:71898..76169, 4272 bp
atggatcaattacaacaagcggtcaatgatcatacaaacgttgagcaaactgtagattacacgcaagcag
attcagataagcaaaatgcttataaacaagctattgcagatgctgaaaatgtattaaaacaaaatgcgaa
taaggaacaagtggatcaagcacttcaaaacattttaaatgcaaaacaagcattaaatggtgatgaacgc
gtagcacttgctaaaacaaatggtaaacatgatattgaccaattaaatacattaaacaatgcacaacaag
atggatttaaaggcagaattgatcaatctaatgacttaaatgagatcaaacaaattgtagatgaagctaa
agctctaaatcgtgcaatgaatcaattgtctcaagaaatcactggcaatgaaggacgtacgaaaggtagt
acgaactatgtcaatgcagatacacaagttaaacgcgtgtacgatgatgcagttgataaagcgaaggaag
cactaaataaagcgacaggtcaaaacttaactgcagaagaagttatcaagttgaacgatgcggtaacagc
agcgaaacaggcattaaatggtgaagaaagacttaacaagcgtaagtctgaagcattacaaagattggat
caattaacacatctaaacaatgctcaaagacaattagcaacacaacaaattaataatgctgaaacattaa
ataaagcgtctcgagcaattaatagagctgttcaattagatgatgcaatgggtgcagtacaacagtatat
tgatgatcatcattttgatgtcattagcagtacaaattacatcaatgcagacgataacttgaaagcaaat
tatgataatgccattacaaatgcagcgcatgagttagataaagttcaaggtagtgcaatcacgaaagctg
aggcagaacaattaaaacaaaatattatagatgcgcaacaagccttaaatggtgatcaaaatcttgcaac
tgctaaagataaagccaatgcctttgttgatacattaaatggtttaaatcaacaacaacaagatcttgca
catcaagcaattaataatgccgatactgtaacaggtatagcgaatattattaatgatcaaatcgacttga
ataacgctatggaaacattgaaacacttagttgacaatgaaattccaactgcagaacaaactatcaatta
ccaaaacgctgacgacgttgctaaatcaatctttgatgatgcaaaacgtctggcaaatacattgctaaat
agtgataacacaaatgtgaatgatattaacggcgcaattcaagcagtcaatgatgcaatccaaaatctta
atggtgatcaacgtctacaagaagctaaggacaaagcaattcaaaatgttaacaaagtcttagcagataa
attgaaagaaatagaagcttcaaatgcgacggatcaagacaagcttattgcgaaaaataaagcagaagaa
ttggcaaacagtatcattaacaacattaataaagcaacaagtaatcaggatgtatctcaagttcaaacag
ctggcaaccatgcgattgaacaagtgcatgccaatgaaataccgaaagctaaaattgatgcaaataaaga
tgctgataagcaagtacaagcattaattgacgaaattgatcgaaatccaaatctaacagataaggaaaaa
caagcacttaaagatcgaataaatcaaatattgcaacaaggtcataacggcatcaacaatgcgatgacta
aagaagaaattgaacaagccaaagcacaacttgcacaagcgttacaagaaattaaagatttagtgaaagc
taaagaaaatgcgaaacaagatgtggataagcaagttcaagcattaattgacgaaattgatcgaaatcca
aatctaacagataaggaaaaacaagcgcttaaagatcgaataaatcaaatattgcaacaaggtcataacg
gcatcaacaatgcgatgactaaagaagaaattgaacaagccaaagcacaacttgcacaagcgttacaaga
aattaaagatttagtgaaagctaaagaaaatgcgaaacaagatgttgataagcaagtacaagcattaatt
gacgaaattgatcgaaatccaaatctaacagataaggaaaaacaagcgcttaaagatcgaattaatcaaa
tattgcaacaaggtcataatggcattaacaatgcgatgactaaagaagaaattgaacaagccaaagcaca
acttgcacaagcattacaagaaattaaagatttagtgaaagctaaagaaaatgcgaaaaatgcaattaaa
gcattagcaaatgcgaagcgtgatcaaatcaattcaaaccctgatttaacacctgagcaaaaagcaaaag
cgctcaaagaaattgacgaagctgaaaaacgagcactagaaaatattgaaaatgctcaaactaaagatca
attaaatcaaggattaaatttaggattagatgatattagaaatactcatgtatgggaagttgatacacaa
cctgctgtaaatgaaatttttgacgcaactcctgaacaaatccttgtaaatggtgaactcattgtacatc
gtgatgacatcattacagaacaagatattctagcacatataaacttagttgatcagcttacagcagaagt
tattgatacaccgtcaaccgcaacaatttctgatagcttaacagcaaaagtcgaagtaacattacttgat
ggatcaaaagtaattgttaatgttcctgtgaaagtagtagaaaaagaattggcagtagtcaaacaacagg
caattgaatcaattgaaaatgcggcacaacaaaagattaatgatatcaataatcacgcaacattaacacc
agaacaaaaagaagctgcgattgcggaagttaataagcttaaacaacaagctattgagcaaattaacaat
gcaacagatgttcattcggtggaagaagttcaacaacaagaacaaacgcatattgaacaatttaatccag
agcaatttacaattgaccaagccaaatcaaatgccattaaatcaattactgatgctattcaacatatgat
tgatgaaattaatgctagtaaggatttaactgataaagagaaacaagaagctatatctaagttaaatcaa
ttaaaagaacaggcaattcaagcgattcaacgtgcgcaaagtatcgatgaaatcacacaacaattagagc
aattcaaagcgcaaataaaagcagcaaatccatttgctaaagaattggaaaaacgtaaaaaagtagcgat
ttcaaaaattaaagatatttcgacagatgcaattgaacgcattaaaaatagttcaactggaactgctgaa
gaaagacaagcagcaatgaatcgaattaacgaaattgtacttgaaacaatcagagatattaataatgcgc
aaacgccacaacaagttgaggctgcattgaataatggtatcgcacgaattttggcagtacaaattgttac
atctaataatagcaagcattcatcagattcggacggtgaatctaatagtcatataagcattggatatgga
actgtaaaccatccattcaatagttcggctattggacataaaaagaaattggatcaagatgatgaaatcg
atccacttcatatgcgtcatttcggtgaccgaattggtaatgttatcaaaaacgcacttggcgttgttgg
tatttccggattacttgctagcttctggttcttcattgcgaaacgtcgtcgtaaagaggatgaagaggaa
gaattggaaattagagataatagcaaagacaagaagaaaggttcaatagaaggtactaaacatttaccac
ttttattagcgaaacgtcgcagaaaagaagatgaagaagatgctattgttgaagaaaaagattcgctaaa
caataacgagtcactcgataaagttaaacatacgccgttcttcttacctaaacgtcgtcgcaaagaagat
gaagaagatgtggaagttacaaatgaaaacacagatgaaaaagtgttgcaagataacgaacattcaccac
tcttaatcgcaaaacgacgcaaagataaagaggtagatgttgaaacaacacctagtattgaatctaatga
agatgacgcacctttattattggctaaaaagaaaaatcaaaaagataaccaatccaaagggaaaaagtcg
gcatcaaaaaaaccttctaaaaagctagtagctaaaaagaagaaaaagaaatctaaaaaaaataaaaaat
aa
>Potential gene 42:76228..76629, 402 bp
atggcgaaaataaattttgatgctgcgacgaaaggaaatccaggcataagtacgtgtgccgttgtaatca
aagaagatgatcagcattatacatatacacatgagttaggcgaaatggataatcacactgcagaatgggc
tgcttgtatctatgcattgaaacacgcccgtgaattaaacgttagcaatgcgttgttgtacactgactct
aagttaattgcggatagtgttaacgctggttatgtaaaaaatgcaaaatttaaaccttattttgatcaat
tggaaatatttgaacaagattttgatttattatttgttaaatggattccgagagaacaaaacaaagaagc
gaatcaaaacgcacagcaagcattgtacaaattaattaaaaagaacaaataa
>Potential gene 43:77009..77713, 705 bp
atgtataatgaaattttaggactagttacgtttattgcaacgttcgtgcttatggtacttatgtatcgct
tttttggtaaacaaggtttaattgcatgggttgcaattggcacaatcattgccaacatacaagtaattaa
aactgtagaaatctttggtatttcagcaactttaggtaatgtcatgtttgcttctatttatttagcaaca
gatatattaaacgatatttatgggcgtagagttgcaaaaagagcagtttggttaggcttttcatcaacat
taattatgattattgttatgcaattgtcattacattttattcctgcaccagaagatatggcacaaaaagc
tttacacgcaatctttgatgttgtgccacgcattgctttaggctcaatcgtcgcatatattattggtcaa
catattgatgtatttatcttttcactaattaaaaaagtatttagttctgataaaacgtttttcatccgtg
catatggtagtacatttttaagctcaataattgatacagctttatttgtagctatcgcatttatcggaag
tttacctggtacagttgtatttgaaatatttattacaacgtacgtactaaaattagcttcaacagttttc
aatgtaccatttggatatattgctaaatcattttatcgtaaaggcaagattgataaattagatcaaggtt
attaa
>Potential gene 44:77923..78513, 591 bp
atgacaaaacaactttcattgtatttggacttggcgttggctctatacgtaaaatttccatatactttat
tccccccgaatactagttgatgaaaaatttattcgaatacagcctctacttttggcaatactgtttccca
atttgcgtcattttctttatctactgaaataaagtccataacatggaaaattgatttaacgccttcaacc
tttaagatgtcattaataaatgctggctgtgaatcatcaactttagtatacgtatctgatgtcatacctt
ctctgctttcactaagtgtaatcttcattgtgttgtggttcggtgtttctgatatagatataatttgcat
tttacttcctcctattgaagttcatttcctaattgttttatttctttccctattgaacactcattgatac
aaaaatgatgcgacttcgttttcccctctaatttacgcagacgagttttgattggacattgattgcaata
agtattcattaaatcatctattttcgcgagtgcattttgctctgaaaaagttaaaatacgcgacacttcc
tttattacttcaaaatattgcaaccttgtaa
>Potential gene 45:78164..78415, 252 bp
atgcaaattatatctatatcagaaacaccgaaccacaacacaatgaagattacacttagtgaaagcagag
aaggtatgacatcagatacgtatactaaagttgatgattcacagccagcatttattaatgacatcttaaa
ggttgaaggcgttaaatcaattttccatgttatggactttatttcagtagataaagaaaatgacgcaaat
tgggaaacagtattgccaaaagtagaggctgtattcgaataa
>Potential gene 46:78453..79577, 1125 bp
atggaaattttacgtatagagccaacgccaagtccaaatacaatgaaagttgttttgtcatatacaagag
aagacaagttatctaatacttataaaaaagtagaagaaaatcaaccaagatttataaatcagttgttatc
tatagatggtatcacttccatttttcatgtcatgaacttcttagctgttgataaggcaccaaaagctgat
tgggaagtcatattacctgatattaaagctgctttttctggtgaaagtcaggtattggaatctggaaaag
acccacaaattgataaacattttggtgaaattaaagctgaattattaacttttaagggtataccgtatca
aattaagctaacttctgctgaccaggaattaagagaacaattaccacaaacatacgttgatcatatgact
caagcgcaaacagaacatgacaatattgtttttatgcgtaaatggctagatttaggaaatcgctatggaa
atattgaagaagtaatggatggtgtcctagaagaagtgttagctacctatccagaatcacagttgcccgt
attggtaaaacatgctttagaagaaaatcacgcagctaataattatcatttctatcgacatgtctctttg
gatgaatatcatgcgactgataattggaagactcgattgcgaatgttaaaccattttccaaagccgactt
ttgaagatataccgctgcttgatttagctttatctgatgaaaaagtaccggttagacgtcaagcgattgt
attattaggcatgattgaaagtaaagaaattttaccgtatttatataagggacttcgcgataaaagtcct
gctgtaagaaggacagcaggggattgcataagtgatttagggtatccagaggcactaccagaaatggtgc
tacttttagatgattcacagaagatcgttaggtggcgtgctgctatgtttatctttgatgaaggtaatgc
agagcagcttcccgcacttaaagcccatattaatgacaatgcgtttgaagttaaattacaaattgaaatg
gccatatctcgtattgaaaacggagatgaagcacttggttcagtatggaaacaaatggcaaacagaacaa
tttaa
>Potential gene 47:79593..80030, 438 bp
atgaatgcatatgatgcttatatgaaagaaattgcgcaacaaatgcgtggcgaattaactcaaaatggtt
ttacaagtttagaaacgagcgaagcagtattagagtatatgaaccaagtaaatgctgatgacacaacttt
tgtagttattaactctacatgcggctgtgcagctggattagcaagaccagctgcagtagctgttgcaaca
caaaatgaacatagaccaacaaatacagttacagtttttgcagggcaagataaagaagcaactgctacta
tgcgagaattcattcagcaggtaccatctagtccttcgtatgctttattcaaaggtcaagatttagttta
ttttatgcctagagaatttatcgaaggtagagatattaatgacattgcaatggacttaaaggatgccttt
gacgaaaattgtaaatag
>Potential gene 48:80454..81410, 957 bp
atgttgaattcatttgatgcagcatatcacagtctttgtgaagaagttttagaaataggaaatacacgaa
atgatcgcacaaatacaggtacgatttcgaaatttggtcatcaacttcgctttgacttatctaaaggatt
tccactattaacgacaaagaaagtttcttttaaattagtagcaaccgaattattatggttcattaaagga
gatacaaacatccaatacttattaaaatataataataatatttggaacgaatgggcttttgaaaattata
ttaaatcagacgagtataaaggtccagatatgacagatttcggacatcgtgcattgagtgatcctgaatt
taacgaacaatataaagaacaaatgaaacaatttaagcaacgtattcttgaagatgatacatttgcgaag
caattcggtgatttaggaaatgtttatggtaaacaatggcgagattgggttgataaagatggtaatcatt
ttgatcaacttaaaacagtaattgaacaaattaagcataatccagattcaagacgacacatcgtatctgc
atggaatccaacagaaattgatacaatggcacttccgccttgtcatacaatgttccagttttatgtccaa
gatggtaagttaagttgccagttataccaacgtagcgcagatatctttttaggtgtgccatataatatcg
caagctacgctttattgacacaccttattgccaaagaatgtggacttgaagtaggtgaatttgtgcatac
atttggagatgcacatatttattcaaatcatattgatgcaattcaaactcaattagcgcgtgaaagtttc
aatcctccaacattaaaaattaacagtgacaagtctattttcgacataaattatgaagatttggaaattg
ttgactatgaatcgcatccagcaataaaagctccaatagcagtgtag
>Potential gene 49:81610..82089, 480 bp
atgactttatccattctagttgcacatgacttgcaacgagtaattggttttgaaaatcaattaccttggc
acctaccaaatgatttgaagcatgttaaaaaactatcaacaggtcatactttagtaatgggtcgtaagac
atttgaatcgattggtaaaccactaccgaatcgtcgaaatgttgtacttacttcagatacaagtttcaac
gtagagggcgttgatgtgattcattctattgaagatatttaccaactaccgggacatgttttcatatttg
gagggcaaacattatttgaagaaatgattgataaagtggacgacatgtatattactgttattgaaggtaa
attccgtggtgatacgttcttcccaccttatacatttgaagactgggaagttacctcttcagttgaaggt
aaactagatgagaaaaatacaattccacatacctttctacatttaattcgtaaaaaataa
>Potential gene 50:82104..82943, 840 bp
atgacaaaacagattatagtaacagactcaacatccgatttatctaaagaatatttagaagcaaacaaca
ttcatgtaattcctttaagtttaactattgaaggagtttcatacgttgaccaagtagatattacatcaga
agaatttattaatcatattgaaaatgatgaagatgtaaagacaagtcagccagccataggtgaatttata
tctgcttatgaagaactaggaaaagatggctccgaaatcataagtattcatctttcttcaggattaagtg
gtacatataacactgcttaccaagcaagtcaaatggtagatgctaatgtaactgttattgattcaaaatc
tatttcttttggtttagggtatcaaatacaacacctagtagagcttgtaaaagaaggtgtctcaacttct
gaaatagttaaaaagttaaatcatttaagagaaaacattaaattatttgtagttatagggcaattgaatc
aattaattaaaggtggcagaattagtaaaacaaaaggtttgattggtaatcttatgaaaatcaaaccaat
tggtacactagatgatggtcgcttagagcttgtgcacaatgcgagaactcaaaattctagtatccaatac
ttgaaaaaggaaattgctgaatttataggagatcatgaaatcaaatccgttggtgtcacacatgctaacg
ttattgaatatgttgataaattgaagaaagtttttaatgaagcttttcatgtgaataattacgatataaa
tgtaactacaccagttatttctgcacatactggtcaaggtgcgattggcctcgtagtccttaagaagtaa

>Potential gene 51:83029..83562, 534 bp
atgacaaaagaatatgcaacattagcaggaggatgtttctggtgcatggttaaaccatttacatcatatc
caggcatcaagtcagtcgtatctggttatagtggcggtcatgttgacaacccaacttatgaacaggtatg
tacgaatcaaaccggccatgtcgaagcagtacaaattacgtttgatccagaggttacttcctttgaaaat
atattagacatatatttcaaaacatttgacccaaccgatgatcaagggcaatttttcgatagaggcgaaa
gctatcaaccagtcattttctatcatgatgagcatcagaaaaaggctgctgagtttaaaaagcaacaatt
aaatgaacaaggtattttcaagaaaccagtgattacacctattaaaccatataaaaatttctatccagct
gaagactaccatcaagattattacaaaaagaacccggtacattattaccaatatcaacgtggttcaggta
gaaaagcgtttatagaatcacattgggggaatcaaaatgcttaa
>Potential gene 52:83555..83983, 429 bp
atgcttaaaaaagataaaagcgaactaacagatatagaatatattgttacacaagaaaatggtactgaac
caccatttatgaatgaatattggaatcattttgctaaagggatttacgtagataagatttctggtaaacc
tttatttacatctgaagaaaagtttcattctgagtgcggatggcctagcttttccaaagcgcttgatgac
gatgaaattatagaattagtcgacaaatcatttggtatggtaagaactgaagtccgttcagaagaatcaa
atagtcatttaggacacgtctttaatgatggacctaaagaaagtggcggcttaagatactgtatcaattc
cgctgcaattcaatttattccatatgaaaaattagaagaattgggttatggcgatttaatatcacatttt
gataagtag
>Potential gene 53:83995..84495, 501 bp
atgtttaaaaaattattcggaaaaggcaaagaagttcagaaagatatcgcaatttatgcaccattaactg
gagaatacgtgaaaattgaagatattccagatcctgtattcgcacaaaaaatgatgggcgaaggttttgg
tattaatccaactgaaggagaagttgtgtctccaattgcaggacgtgttgacaatgtctttccaactaag
catgcgattgggttaaaagcagataacggattagaattattagttcatatcggtttagacacagttcaat
tagacggtgaaggatttgaagtgttagtgtctagtggtgacgaagttaacgtcggagatccattagtaag
attcaaccttgaatttattaataataacgctaaatctgttatttcaccaattataattacaaacactgat
caagcagcttcaattaatatttatgatgaaaatgctgtgattaaaggtgaaacaaaagtgattgatgtga
caatgaactaa
>Potential gene 54:84495..84716, 222 bp
atgaaaaactattcgttttatcaatttgtcatgacagttcgtggtcgacacgacgataaaggtcgtctag
cagaagagatatttgacgatcttgctttcccaaaacacgatgatgattttaacatactgtctgattatat
tgagacacatggtgatttcacattgccaatgtctgtatttgatgatttatatgaagaatatacggaatgg
ctaaaattttaa
>Potential gene 55:84905..86395, 1491 bp
atggatgataagcaacacacatcttcatccgatgatgaacgcgctgaaattgcaacaagcaatcaagacc
aacaaactaattcatcgaaacgcgttcacttaaaacgttggcaattcatatcaattttaattggtacaat
cctaataacagctgtcatcacagttgttgcatatatttttataaatcaaaaaataagtggtttaaacaaa
actgatcaagcaaacttaaataaaattgaaaatgtgtataaaatcttaaatagtgattattacaaaaaac
aggactctgacaagttaagtaaagctgcaattgatggcatggtcaaagaattaaaagatccttattctga
atatttaacaaaagaacaaacgaaatcctttaatgaaggtgtttcaggtgattttgtaggtattggtgca
gaaatgcaaaagaaaaatgatcaaattatggttactagtcctatgaagggatctccagcagaacgtgctg
gcattcgtcctaaagatgtcattactaaagtaaatggaaaatcaattaaaggtaaagcattagatgaagt
tgtcaaagatgttcgtggtaaagaaaacactgaagtaactttaactgttcaacgaggcagtgaagaaaaa
gacgttaagattaaacgtgaaaaaattcatgttaaaagtgttgagtataagaaaaaagataaggttggag
ttattactattaataaattccagaatgatacatcaggtgaattgaaagatgcagttcttaaagctcacaa
agatggtttgaaaaagattgttttagatttaagaaataatcctggtggactactagatgaagctgttaaa
atggcaaatatttttatcgataaaggaaaaactgttgttaaactagaaaaaggtaaagatactgaagcaa
ttcaaacttctaatgactcgttaaaagaagcgaaagacatggatatatccatcttagtgaatgaaggttc
agctagcgcttctgaagtatttactggtgcgctaaaggactataataaagctaaagtttatgggtcaaaa
acattcggtaaaggtgtcgtacaaactacaagagagtttaaggacggttcattgttaaaatatactgaaa
tgaaatggttaacgccagatggtcattatattcacggtaaaggcattaaaccagacgttactattgacac
acctaaatatcaatctttaaatgtcattcctaatacgaaaacatttaaagttggagacgatgataaaaat
attaaaactattaaaattggtttatcagctttaggttataaagttgataatgaatcaacgcaatttgatc
aagctttagaaaatcaagttaaagctttccaacaaacgaataaactcgaggtaactggtgaatttaataa
agaaacgaataataaatttactgagttattagttgaaaaagctaataaacatgatgatgttctcgataaa
ttgattaatattttaaaataa
>Potential gene 56:86792..87301, 510 bp
atgatccgtctaggtaaaatgtcagatttagatcaaatcttaaatctagtagaagaagcaaaagaattaa
tgaaagaacacgacaacgagcaatgggacgatcagtacccacttttagaacattttgaagaagatattgc
taaagattatttgtacgtattagaggaaaataacaaaatatatggttttattgttgtcgaccaagaccaa
gcagaatggtatgatgacattgactggccagtaaatagagaaggcgcctttgttattcatcgattaactg
gttcgaaagaatataaaggagctgctacagaattattcaattatgttattgatgtagttaaagcacgtgg
tgcagaagttattttaacggacacctttgcgttaaacaaacctgcacaaggtttatttgccaaatttgga
tttcataaggtcggtgaacaattaatggaatatccgccatatgataaaggtgaaccattttatgcatatt
ataaaaatttaaaagaatag
>Potential gene 57:87313..88383, 1071 bp
atgaagaaaatcgcatttaccggagggggaacagttggacacgtatcagtaaatttaagtttaattccaa
ctgcattatcacaaggttatgaagcgctttatattggttctaaaaatggtattgaaagagaaatgattga
atcacaactaccagaaattaagtattatcctatttcaagtggtaaattaagaagatatatttctttagaa
aatgccaaagacgtatttaaagtattgaaaggtattcttgatgctcgtaaagttttgaaaaaagaaaaac
ctgatctattattttcaaaaggtggatttgtatctgtgccagttgttattgcagccaaatcattaaatat
accaactattattcatgaatctgacttaacaccaggattagcgaataagatagcacttaaatttgccaag
aaaatatatacaacatttgaagaaacgctaaactacctacctaaagagaaagctgattttattggagcaa
caattcgagaagatttaaaaaatggtaatgcacataatggttatcaattaacaggctttaatgaaaataa
aaaagtgttactcgttatgggtggaagcttaggaagtaaaaaattaaatagcattattcgcgaaaactta
gatgcattattacaacaatatcaagtgatacatttaactggtaaaggattaaaagatgctcaagttaaaa
aatcaggatatatacaatatgaatttgttaaagaggaattaacagatttattagcaattacggacacagt
aataagtagagctggatcaaatgcgatttatgagttcttaacattacgtataccaatgttattagtacca
ttaggtttagatcaatcccgaggcgaccaaattgacaatgcaaatcattttgctgataaaggttatgcta
aagcgattgatgaagaacaattaacagcacaaattttattacaagaactaaatgaaatggaacaggaaag
aactcgaattatcaataatatgaaatcgtatgaacaaagttatacgaaagaagctttatttgataagatg
attaaagacgcattgaattaa
>Potential gene 58:88400..89014, 615 bp
atgagtcaatggaaacgtatctctttgctcatcgtttttacattggtttttggaattatcgcgtttttcc
acgaatcaagacttgggaaatggattgataatgaagtttatgagtttatatattcatcagagagctttat
tacgacatctatcatgcttggagctactaaagtaggtgaagtctgggcaatgttatgtatttcattactt
cttgtggcatatctcatgttaaagcgccacaaaattgaagcattattttttgcattaacaatggcactat
ctggaattttgaatccagtactaaaaaatatattcgatagagaaagacctacattgctgcgtttaattga
tataacaggatttagttttcctagcggtcatgctatgggatcaactgcatattttggaagtggtatctat
ctattaaaacgattaaatcaaggtaattcaaaaggtattcttatagggttatgtgcagctatgattttat
tgatttccatatcacgtgtatatctaggtgtgcattatccaacagatattattgccggtattattggtgg
cgtattttgcattattttatcaacgttattacttagaaataaattaatcaattaa
>Potential gene 59:89131..89331, 201 bp
atgaccaatccaacaagaacgaaacgttgtgggggggatgttctatgtggtattgataatcattttcaac
tactattatacattagtgagaatcattgtcaattagaaactaaaactttttttgaatattttttaagaat
agtaaataaaacgcatgattacgctattttagaaaataaaaaaatttgtatttctcattag
>Potential gene 60:89802..90539, 738 bp
atgacgcaaattttaatagtagaagatgaacaaaacttagcaagatttcttgaattggaactcacacatg
aaaattacaatgtggacactgagtatgatggacaagacggtttagataaagcgcttagccattactatga
tttaatcatattagatttaatgttgccttcaattaatggcttagaaatttgtcgcaaaattagacaacaa
caatctacacctatcattataattacagcgaaaagtgacacgtatgacaaagttgctgggcttgattacg
gtgcagacgattatatagttaagccatttgatattgaagaacttttagcaagaattcgtgcgattttacg
tcgtcagccacaaaaggatattatcgatgttaacggtattacaattgataagaatgcttttaaagtgacg
gtaaatggcgcagaaattgaattaacaaaaacagagtatgatttactatatcttctagctgaaaataaaa
accatgttatgcaacgggaacaaattttaaatcatgtatggggttataatagtgaagtagaaacaaatgt
cgtagatgtttatataagatatttacgaaacaaattaaaaccatacgatcgtgacaaaatgattgaaaca
gttcgtggcgttgggtatgtgatacgatgacaaaacgtaaattgcgcaataactggattattgttaccac
gatgattacgtttgtcacgatatttttgttttgtttaa
>Potential gene 61:90458..91813, 1356 bp
atgacaaaacgtaaattgcgcaataactggattattgttaccacgatgattacgtttgtcacgatatttt
tgttttgtttaattattatctttttcttgaaagatacactgcataatagtgagcttgatgatgcagaacg
aagctcaagcgatattaataatttatttcattctaagactgttaaagatatatctgcattagacttgaat
gcatctttaggtaattttcaagagattattatttatgatgaacataataataaattatttgagacatcga
atgataacacagtgagagttgaaccaggttatgaacaccgttattttgaccgcgtaataaaaaaacgcta
taaaggcattgaatatttaattattaaagaaccaatcacaacgcaagatttcaaagggtatagcttgtta
attcattcactagaaaattatgataacatcgtaaaatcattgtatatcattgcgctcgcatttggagtga
ttgcaacaattataactgccacaatcagttatgtattttcaactcaaattactaaaccgcttgtcagttt
atcaaataaaatgattgagattcgacgagatggatttcaaaataaattgcaattaaatacaaattatgaa
gaaatagataatctagcaaatacgtttaatgagatgatgagccaaattgaagaatcatttaatcaacaaa
gacaatttgttgaagatgcatcacatgaattacgaacaccattacaaattattcaaggtcatttaaattt
gattcagcgatggggaaaaaaagatccagcagtattagaagaatcgttaaatatttctattgaagaaatg
aatcgtatcataaaattagtcgaagaattacttgaattgactaaaggagatgtaaatgacatttcttctg
aagcgcagaccgtgcatattaatgatgaaattcgctcgcgaatacactcattaaaacaattacatcctga
ttatcaatttgatacggatctgacatctaaaaatttagaaattaaaatgaagcctcatcaatttgaacaa
ttatttttaatctttattgataatgcaatcaaatatgatgtgaagaataagaaaattaaagttaagacaa
ggttaaaaaataagcaaaaaataattgaaattacagatcatggaattggtattccagaggaagatcaaga
tttcatttttgatcgcttttatcgagtggataaatctcgttcaagaagtcaaggcggtaatggactcgga
ttatctattgctcaaaaaatcattcaattaaacggtggatcgattaaaattaaaagtgaaattaacaaag
gaacaacgtttaaaatcatattttaa
>Potential gene 62:92338..95136, 2799 bp
atgactaacgaaagaaaagaagtttcagaggctcctgtaaacttcggtgcgaatttaggtctaatgttag
atctatatgatgactttttacaagatccatcatctgtaccagaagatttacaagtcttattcagcacaat
taagaatgatgactcaattgtaccagctttaaaaagtacaagtagtcaaaatagcgacggcacaattaaa
cgtgtcatgcgtttaattgataatattcgccaatacgggcatcttaaagccgatatttatcctgtaaatc
ctccgaaaaggaaacatgtacctaaattagagattgaagactttgatttagatcaacagactttggaagg
tatatcagcaggaattgtttcagatcactttgccgacatttatgataatgcttatgaagcaattttaaga
atggaaaaacgttacaaaggaccaattgcatttgagtatacacatattaataacaataccgaacgtggtt
ggttaaaaagaagaattgaaacgccatataaagtaacgttaaataacaacgaaaaaagggcactatttaa
acaattagcgtatgttgaagggttcgaaaaatatcttcataaaaacttcgttggtgcaaagcgtttttca
attgaaggggtagacgcactcgtaccgatgttacaacgtactattacgattgctgcgaaagaaggtatta
aaaatatacaaataggcatggctcaccgtggacgtttaaacgttttaacgcatgtcttagaaaaaccgta
cgaaatgatgatttcagaatttatgcatacagatccaatgaaattcttacctgaagatggtagcttgcag
ttaactgctggatggactggtgatgtgaaatatcaccttggtggcattaaaactactgattcatacggta
caatgcagcgtattgcactggctaacaatccaagtcacttggaaattgttgcacctgttgttgaggggcg
tacgagagcagcacaagatgatacacaacgtgctggggctccgacgactgatcatcataaagcaatgcca
attattatacatggcgatgctgcttatcctggtcaaggaattaacttcgaaacaatgaacttaggaaact
tgaaaggctattctacgggtggttcattgcatattattactaacaatagaattggatttactacagaacc
aattgatgcacgttcaacaacttattctacagatgtggccaaaggttatgatgtgccaatattccatgtc
aatgctgatgacgttgaagctactattgaagcaattgatattgcaatggaatttagaaaagagtttcata
aagacgtcgttattgatttagtaggttatcgtcgtttcggtcataacgaaatggatgaaccatcaattac
taatccagttccttatcagaatattcgcaaacatgactctgttgaatatgtgtttggtaaaaagcttgtt
aatgaaggtgtcatttcagaagatgaaatgcattcatttatagaacaagtccaaaaggaactaagacaag
cacatgataaaattaataaagctgataaaatggataatccagatatggaaaaacctgcagaacttgcatt
accgttacaagcagacgaacaatcatttacgtttgatcatttgaaagaaataaatgatgcattgttaaca
tatccggatggctttaacattttgaaaaagttaaacaaagttcttgagaagcgtcatgagccgtttaata
aagaggatggcttagttgattgggcacaagcagaacaacttgcatttgcgacaattttacaagatggtac
accgattcgcttaactggtcaagatagtgaacgtggtacattcagtcataggcatgccgtgttacatgat
gagcaaacaggtgaaacatatacacctttacatcatgttcctgatcaaaaagcgacatttgatatacaca
attctccgctttcagaagcagcagtagttggttttgaatacggctataatgtggaaaacaaaaaaagctt
caatatttgggaagcgcaatatggtgattttgcaaatatgtcacaaatgatttttgacaacttcttattc
agttctcgctcaaaatggggagaacgttcaggattaacattattcttacctcatgcatatgagggtcaag
gtcctgaacattcatcagcaagattagagcgatttttacaattagctgctgaaaataattgcacagttgt
caacttatctagttcaagtaattatttccacttattgcgtgcacaagcagctagtttagattctgaacaa
atgcgaccattggttgttatgtcaccaaaaagcttactgagaaataaaacagttgcaaaaccaattgatg
aatttacttctggtggatttgagccaattttgacagaatcatatcaagcggataaggttacaaaagttat
tttagcaactggtaaaatgttcattgatttaaaagaagcattagctaaaaatccagacgaatcagtgtta
ctcgttgcgattgaaagattgtatccattcccagaggaagagattgaagcattactagcacaattgccaa
accttgaagaagtgtcatgggtacaagaagaacctaaaaatcaaggtgcatggttatatgtctatccata
tgttaaagtgctagttgcagataaatatgatttaagttatcatggcagaattcaaagggctgctccagct
gaaggcgatggagaaattcataaacttgttcaaaataaaattatagaaaatgcattaaaaaataactag
>Potential gene 63:95150..96418, 1269 bp
atgccagaggttaaagttccagaattagcagaatctattacagaaggtaccattgcagaatggttgaaaa
acgtaggggatagcgtagaaaaaggtgaagctattcttgaattagaaactgataaagttaatgtcgaagt
tgtatctgaagaagcaggtgtattatctgaacaacttgcaagtgaaggcgacactgtagaagttgggcaa
gcaattgctatcatcggcgaaggtagtggcaatgcttctaaagaaaatagtaacgacaatactccacaac
aaaatgaagaaacaaataataaaaaagaagaaacaacaaataattcggtagataaagctgaagtcaatca
agcaaatgatgacaatcagcaacgtattaatgctacgccttctgcgcgtcgatatgctcgtgaaaatggt
gtcaatcttgctgaagtaagtccaaaaacaaatgatgtggttcgtaaagaagatattgataagaaacaac
aggcaccggcatcaacacaaacaacacaacaagcacctgcaaaagaagagaaaaaatacaatcaatatcc
tacaaaaccagtgattcgtgaaaaaatgtcacgcagaaagaaaacagctgccaaaaaattattagaggta
tctaataatacagctatgttaacaacatttaacgaagttgacatgacaaatgttatggaattgcgtaaac
gtaagaaagaacaatttatgaaagatcatgatggtactaaattaggatttatgtcattctttactaaagc
ttcagtagcagctttgaaaaagtatccagaagttaatgcagaaatcgacggcgacgacatgattacgaaa
caatattatgatattggtgtagctgtttctacagatgatggattattagtaccatttgtaagagattgtg
ataaaaagaattttgcagaaatcgaagcagaaattgctaatttagctgttaaagcacgagagaaaaaact
tggcttagatgatatggttaatggttcatttacgattacaaatggcggtatttttggatcaatgatgagt
acgccaattatcaatggtaatcaagctgcaatcttaggcatgcattcaattattacaagaccaattgcga
ttgatcaagatacaatcgaaaatcgtccaatgatgtatattgcattaagctatgatcatagaattattga
cggtaaagaagcagttggattcttaaaaacaattaaagaattaattgaaaacccagaagacttattatta
gaatcttaa
>Potential gene 64:96944..97807, 864 bp
atgattaaaataagttataatataatagtaaagataaagatagaggtggctataatgtgtggacttagaa
gtataacattaggtacaacaaatatagaacagacaaaacatttcatggttgacatattaggattaaatta
tgaagaacttcttgaaaactcaattcgtttcggcgatgcagatataagcccaggaacaagacttcaattt
atacaagttccaagtgagcaattagaagaatctcactttgtgggtattggattacgtacaccaactgact
caggtttagaggagtatgcggaaatattatcgaataaggatattccatttacaacagttaaagaattaaa
tggcaataaatatttcagtctagaagataacaatggtcatattttctcaatatattcaaacgagaataat
tatggcgttggtttaggtatgccttcttttgagagtgcggtcaatccgttacatcaagtgcaaggtttag
gaccagtgattcttaaagtgaatcatgtagatattacaggtcaaattttaacaaatatattcggacttga
agtatttgcagaataccaacccttcgacaatgctgactatcatgtccaagtattcaaagttggaacgggt
ggtctaggtggcgaaatacatttaatgcctgtagaaaccgaaatgacaatgccggaatatggcgcagtcg
atcaagttgagtttgaaacgaaagatgcagatttctttaatcaagcgaaatcgcgcttagatgaagtgga
aataccatatcaaacgcttgagcaagatgatattgaatcaattagaattactgaaaacagtggattatcg
tttatattcactttacaaaaataa
>Potential gene 65:97704..98039, 336 bp
atgaagtggaaataccatatcaaacgcttgagcaagatgatattgaatcaattagaattactgaaaacag
tggattatcgtttatattcactttacaaaaataatttttttacgatagtgaggacaaaatttatgttaca
tgaaacttggaaagaacgtacaccaatcaagaaagtagaagtcattaatacagatgcaaagaaatttaca
gtttctgacatgttaacggttggcaaacaatatgatgttatcaacgaaactgaagaatattatcaaataa
tagataattctggattagttggcggttactataaaacatatttcaaagaagtttaa
