
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:673..1983, 1311 bp
atgactaaacctatagtagctattgtaggtaggcctaatgtaggtaaatctacaatttttaatagaatag
ttggagaacgtgtttcgattgtggaagacacgccaggtgtaacacgagatcgtatttattcttcaggtga
atggttaacacatgatttcaatattattgatacaggtggtattgaaattggtgatgcaccattccaaaca
caaattagagcgcaggcagaaatcgccatagatgaagcggatgttattatttttatggttaacgtgcgtg
aaggattgacacaaagcgatgaaatggtcgctcaaattttatacaaatctaaaaaaccggtcgtattagc
ggttaacaaagtagataatatggaaatgcgtacagacgtgtatgatttctattcattaggatttggtgaa
ccgtatccgatatcagggtcacatggtttaggtcttggtgacttgttagatgcagttgtttctcattttg
gtgaagaggaagaagatccttatgatgaagatacaattcgactatccattattggacgaccaaacgtagg
taaatcaagtttagtaaatgctattttaggtgaagatcgcgttatcgtttctaatgttgcagggacaacg
agagacgctattgatacagagtatagttatgatggacaagattatgttttaatcgatactgctggtatgc
gtaaaaaaggaaaagtatatgaatcaactgagaaatattcagtactaagagctttaaaagcgattgaacg
ttcaaatgttgttttagtggtcattgatgcagaacaaggcatcattgaacaagataaacgcgttgcagga
tatgcacatgaacaaggtaaagcagtcgtgattgtcgtaaataaatgggatactgtggaaaaagatagta
aaacgatgaagaaatttgaagatgaagtacgtaaagaattccaatttttagattatgcacaaattgcttt
tgtgtctgctaaagaacgcacaagattacgtacattattcccttacattaatgaagcaagtgaaaaccat
aaaaaacgtgttcaaagttcaactttaaatgaagtcgttactgatgcaatttccatgaaccctacaccaa
cagacaaaggtagacgtttgaatgtcttttatgcaacacaagttgctatagaaccaccgacatttgttgt
atttgttaatgatgtagaattaatgcatttttcttataaacgctatttagagaatcaaatccgtgccgct
tttggttttgaaggtacaccaattcatattatagctcgaaagagaaattaa
>Potential gene 2:2000..2998, 999 bp
atgactaaaattaccgtttttggtatgggaagttttgggacagcccttgccaatgttcttgcagaaaatg
gacatgatgttttgatgtggggtaaaaatcaagatgctgttgatgaattaaatacatgtcatacaaataa
aaagtatttaaaatacgcgaaattagatgttaacatcatcgctacttcagatatgaccaaagcaattcaa
tttgcagatatttacttaatggctttacctactaaagcaatgcgagaagttgctactcaaattaatgata
agctgacctctaaaaagacttttatacatgttgctaaaggtattgaaaatgggacgtttaaacgtgtgtc
agaaatgattgaagattctatttcacccgaatataatgcaggtattggcgtgttgtcagggccaagtcat
gcggaagaagttgtagtcaagcaaccaactacagttgctgcatcatcaaaagataaaagtgtaagtaaat
taacgcaagatttatttatgaatgattatttgcgtgtgtacacgaatgatgacttgattggtgttgaact
tggtggtgcattgaaaaatatcatcgcagtagcaagtggtatcgtagctggaattggctacggtgataat
gcaaaagctgcgttaatgactcgtggtttagcggaaattagtagattaggtgaaaagttaggtgccgatc
ctatgacatttctaggtttaggtggtatcggtgacttaatcgttacttgcacatcaacacattctcgaaa
tttcacattaggatataaacttggacaaggtgaatcaatggatcaagcattatctgaaatgaatatggtt
gttgaaggtatttatacaactaaatcagtttatcatttagctaaagaaaaaaatgtggatatgccaatta
caaatgcattatatagagtattatttgaaaatatctcagtaaaagaatgcgtaaaagatttaatggagcg
cgataaaaaatctgaataa
>Potential gene 3:3169..3441, 273 bp
atgaacaaaacagatttaatcaatgcagttgcagagcaagctgatttaactaaaaaagaagctggttcag
cagtagatgctgtattcgaatcaatccaaaactcacttgctaaaggtgaaaaagtacaattaattggttt
cggtaactttgaggtacgtgaacgtgctgcacgtaaaggtcgtaaccctcaaactggtaaagaaattgat
atcccagcaagtaaagttccagcattcaaagctggtaaagcattaaaagatgctgtaaaataa
>Potential gene 4:3785..4444, 660 bp
atgataagtaatcttaatgcttcaaaagattttaatttcttacatataatgttaatatgaatagtgataa
tatcgtgaggtgtagacatggaaacaactgttagcaaattggaaagacaaatagaagaaagattaaaggg
tgtatcagaatatgaatccattaatattaatcatcggttaggtaagttacttgattcatatgatattcca
gatgttgccaaagtagcatgcctcacaattgacacatcaatgagacaccttgatgacattacatataatc
atttgtctaaacattccattttgattggagatttaattagtgcgcatttttatacgctactagcagaaat
caatgatttatcatttcaaaatgaaattagtaaagcaattgttgaaattaatgaattgaaatcttcatta
catcatcaagctttaaatgattatgaaatttctcaagcaatagtaaaaattgaaacacttttcccatata
ttacgttatctcatttcggtatcaatattgatgagtcggaaatatataattatttatttgaagatatgtc
tgattactatccatcatacttcaagaaatataatcaaagtgaagtaaagcattacttacacgatatccaa
aaaagttatttaaaaagtagaggtaattaa
>Potential gene 5:4447..5172, 726 bp
atggctgacaataaagcaaataaagagcaagtacatcgcgtttttcaaaatatttcaaaaaaatatgaca
aattaaataatattattagttttgagcagcataaagtatggagaaaacgcgtcatgaaagacatgggtgt
tagaaaagggacgaaagcattagatgtttgttgtggtactggtgattggacaatcgcattaagcaaagct
gtaggaccaacaggtgaagttactggtattgactttagtgagaatatgttagaagtaggaaaagaaaaaa
ctgcttcaatggaaaatgttaaacttgttcatggtgatgcaatggaattgccgtttgaagacaattcttt
tgattatgtaacaattgggtttggattaaggaatgtgccagactatttagtcgcgttaaaagaaatgaat
agagtacttaaaccaggtggtatggtggtatgtcttgaaacgagccaaccaactttgccagtctttaaac
aaatgtatgcattatactttaaatttgttatgcctatttttgggaaattatttgcaaaatcaaaagaaga
atatgaatggttacagcaatctacgtttaattttcctggaaaagaagagttgaagcgcatgtttgaagaa
gcgggtttcataaatgtaagagtacgtagttttacagggggcgttgctgcaatgcaccttggctataaag
aaaaagataataccaaaggtgattaa
>Potential gene 6:5189..6133, 945 bp
atgaacaatgaaattaagaaagtggaacaacgacttgaaaaggcaataaaaagtaaagattctgtattag
aacaggcatcattacacttattatcttctggtggtaaaagagtacgcccagcatttgtaattctgagtag
ccaatttggcaaagatgaacaaacgtctgaacaaacgtatcaagttgcagtcgcattagagttaattcat
atggcaacacttgttcatgatgacgttattgataaaagcgacaagcgtcgaggcaagttaaccatatcaa
agaaatgggatcagacaactgctattttaactgggaattttttattggcattaggacttgaacacttaat
ggccgttaaagataatcgtgtacatcaattaatatctgaatctatagttgatgtttgtagaggggaactt
ttccaatttcaagaccaatttaacagtcaacagacaattatcaattacttacgacgtatcaatcgcaaaa
cagcactgttaattcaattatcaactgaagttggtgcaattacatctcaatctgataaagagactgtacg
aaaattgaaaatgattggtcattatataggtatgagcttccaaatcattgatgatgtattagacttcaca
agtaccgaaaagaaattaggtaagccggtcggaagtgatttgttgaatggtcatattactttgcctattt
tattggaaatgagaaaaaatccagaattcaaagtgaaaattgagcaattacgacgtgatagtgaacgtaa
agaatttgaagaatgtatccaaatcattagaaaatctgacagcatcgatgaggctaaggcagtaagttcg
aagtatttaagtaaagctttggatttgatttctgagttaccagatggacatccgaaatcactacttttaa
gtttgacgaaaaaaatgggttcaagaaacacgtag
>Potential gene 7:6243..6674, 432 bp
atgattaaaccagatgcagtacaaagaaatctaattggtgaagtaatttcaagaattgaaagaaaaggac
taaaacttgtcggtggtaaattaatgcaagtaccaatggaacttgctgaaacacattatggtgaacacca
aggtaaaccattttataatgatttaatttcatttattacatcagcaccagtgttcgcaatggtagttgaa
ggtgaagatgcagttaatgtatctagacatattattggcagcacaaatccttcagaagcttcaccaggat
caattagaggtgatttaggtttaactgttggtagaaatatcattcacggttcagattcattagagtctgc
tgaacgtgaaattaatctatggtttaatgaaaatgaaattactagctatgcttcaccacgtgatgcatgg
ttatatgaataa
>Potential gene 8:6748..7014, 267 bp
atgagagtcagtataaaaataatttttgttataggattaagtggtttatctaaaaatatagcaccatata
ataattccattgattttaagaacattaaaatccctaaaataattgaaataatattcttcattctatcaac
cccttcttttagtttagtttcatttgataaagaatattcctctctttttaatacgtgttaccaaaaaaac
tataaaatttttcaagtaatttactacaacataaaaaacgggccttgttatgtataa
>Potential gene 9:7405..8637, 1233 bp
atgaatgtgataagattaacaacatattataatgttattgcggaagtatgaaaggagcgagtgtgtatga
gatatctaacttcaggagaatcacatggacctcaattaacagttattgtcgaaggtataccagcaaattt
agaaattaaagttgaagatattaataaagaaatgttcaagcgtcaaggtggttatggtcgtggccgacgc
atgcaaattgagaaagatacagtagagattgtttcgggtgtgagaaatggttatacattaggtagcccta
ttacaatggttgttactaatgatgattttacacattggcgaaaaattatgggtgctgcgccaataagcga
cgaagaacgagaaaatatgaaacgtacaattacgaagccaagaccgggacatgcagatttagttggcggt
atgaaatataatcatcgtgacttacgaaatgtattagaacgttcatctgccagagaaacagcagcacgtg
tagctgtcggtgcattatgcaaagttttattagaacaattagatatcgaaatatacagtcgtgttgttga
gataggtggcattaaagataaagatttttatgattcagaaacatttaaagcaaaccttgatcgaaatgac
gtccgtgtaattgatgatggcatcgcacaagcaatgcgcgataaaattgatgaagcgaaaaacgatggtg
attcaatagggggcgtagttcaagttgtagttgaaaatatgcctgttggtgtaggtagttatgtacatta
tgatcgtaaattagatggaagaatagcacagggtgtcgttagtattaatgcatttaaaggtgtaagtttt
ggagaaggatttaaagcagctgaaaagcctggtagcgaaattcaagacgaaattctctacaatactgaat
tgggctattatcgtgggtcaaatcacttaggtggtttagaaggcggtatgtcaaatggaatgccaattat
cgttaatggtgtaatgaaacctattcctacgttatataaaccattaaattcagttgatataaatactaaa
gaagactttaaggcaacaattgaacgttctgatagttgtgctgttcctgcagcaagtatcgtctgcgaac
atgtcgtagcatttgaaattgcgaaagcattattggaagaattccaatcaaatcatattgagcaacttaa
acaacaaattattgagcgcagacaattaaatattgagttttaa
>Potential gene 10:8663..9727, 1065 bp
atgaaattacaaacaacctatccttcaaacaattatccaatatttgttgaacatggtgcaattgaccata
ttagcacgtatattgatcagtttgatcaaagttttatattaattgacgagcatgtaaatcaatattttgc
tgataaatttaatgatattttatcttttggaaatgtacataaagttattattccagctggtgaaaagacg
aaaacatttgagcaatatcaagaaacattagaatacattttgtcacatcatgtaacgcgtaatacagcga
ttatagctgttggtggtggtgcgacaggagattttgcaggatttattgcggcgacacttttacgaggtgt
tcactttatacaagtgccaacgactatactagcgcatgattctagcgttggcggtaaagtgggtattaac
tcaaagcaaggtaaaaaccttatcggtgcattttatcgtccagatgctgtaatttatgacttagactttt
taaatactttgccatttgatgaaatattgagtggctatgcggaagtatataagcatgccttattaaatgg
taaatctgctacacatgacatcgagcaacattttaaagatcgagcgtcattacaatcattaaatggaatt
gataaatatataactaaaggcattgaaacaaaattaaatatcgttgttgctgatgaaaaagagcaaggtg
ttcgaaagtatttaaatttaggacatacatttggtcatgccgtggagtataaccacaaaattgcacacgg
tcatgccgtaatgataggcataatatatcaatttattgttgcgaatatattgttcaattctaatcacgat
atccaacattatattaattatttaacgaaattaggttatcctttagaaacaataaccgacatagatttcg
aaacgatatatcaatacatgctaagtgataaaaagaatgataagcaaggtgtacaaatggtcttgattaa
acattttggagatatcgttgtacaacatgttgatcaactaacattacaacatgcatgtgaacaattaaaa
acatattttaagtag
>Potential gene 11:9737..11035, 1299 bp
atggtaaatgaacaaatcattgatatttcaggtccgttaaagggcgaaatagaagtgccgggcgataaat
caatgacacaccgtgcaatcatgttggcgtcgctagctgaaggtgtatctactatatataagccactact
tggcgaagattgtcgtcgtacgatggacattttccgactgttaggtgtagaaatcaaagaagatgatgaa
aaattagttgtgacttccccaggatatcaatcttttaacacgccacatcaagtattgtatacaggtaatt
ctggtacgacaacacgattattggcaggtttgttaagtggtttaggtattgaaagtgtcttgtctggaga
tgtttccataggtaaaaggccgatggatcgtgttttaagaccgttaaaaagtatgaatgcaaatattgaa
ggaattgaagacaattacaccccattaatcattaaaccgtctgtaattaaaggtattaattacaagatgg
aagtggcaagtgcacaagtgaaaagtgccatcttattcgcaagtctattttctaaggaaccgaccatcat
taaagaattagatgtaagtcgaaatcatactgagacgatgttcagacattttaatattccaattgaagca
gaagggttatcaattactacaacccctgaagcaattcgatacattaaacctgcagattttcatgttcctg
gcgatatttcatctgcagcgttctttattgttgcagcacttatcacaccaggaagtgatgtaacaattca
taatgttggaatcaatccaacacgttcaggtattattgatattgttgaaaaaatgggcggtaatattcaa
cttttcaatcaaacaactggtgctgaacctactgcttctattcgtatacaatacacaccaatgcttcaac
caataacaatcgaaggagaattagtgccaaaagcaattgatgaactgcctgtaatagcattactttgtac
acaagcagttggcacgagtacaattaaagatgccgaggaattaaaagtaaaagaaacaaatagaattgat
acaacggctgatatgttaaacttgttagggtttgaattacaaccaactaatgatggattgattattcatc
cgtcagaatttaaaacaaatgcaacagttgatagtttaactgatcatcgaataggaatgatgcttgcagt
tgcttctctactttcaagcgagccagtcaaaatcaaacaatttgatgccgtaaatgtatcatttccagga
tttttaccaaaactaaagcttttagaaaatgagggataa
>Potential gene 12:11042..12286, 1245 bp
atggaagatatctataaattaatagacgatatcaatctacaaaaactagaaaatttagactctcgtgtta
atgaagcaataactactgacaacgatgacgcattatttattctaggagagacactttacaattttggatt
aatgccacaaggtttggaagtattccgcgtgttatatcacaaatatccagacgaaagtgaattgctgatt
tattttattgaaggtttaatgtctgaaaatcaaactgacgaagcgttagaatatttaagttatgttgaac
catcacctgaaaagttgatgttagaagcagatttatatcaacaaattaatatgatggaagttgctattga
taaattacaagaagcacttgaactagagccaaatgatccaataatccattttgcattggctgaaatgtta
tattatgatggtcaatatttacgtgctacctctgaatacgaaaccgttttagaaactggtgaatatcaag
ttaatggtgtaaacttattctctcgtatggcagattgtagtttacaaagtggtaactatagtgatgcgat
tcgcttatacgatgaaattaatgaagatgaaatgacttcagaagattatctcaaaaaagccatttcttac
gataaaaatgacatcactcaagaagcaattaaaataatgactacattactttctaaagatcctgattata
ttcaaggctacttgtatttacaatcattatatgaaaatgaaaaaaattatccagatgctattgaaacggg
taaagaaggattacgactaagtcaattttataaagagttaatgtatacaactggatgtttggaaatagaa
cacggcgatgctaatgaaggtgtattattgttaaaacaagcattagaggttgataatgcttaccaagaac
ctttattgattttaagcgatttatatcgtaatgaagaagattatgaagcaatcattgaattattaacata
tgtagatgaagaagatttggatcctacattcatgtggcatttagcgttcgcctatggtcaagaagagcga
gataaagaagctcaacatttctttgaattagcatatccaacgatgaaaacaaatattgattttatgagtg
attattatttctatttaattgaaattggtcaaaaggaacaagcaattactattttaaatcaattgttgga
actagagccaagtaacgaaaattggcatgacgaattatcaagattgcaatcttaa
>Potential gene 13:12258..12875, 618 bp
atgacgaattatcaagattgcaatcttaaaatggggtatttgatgtcagagacactcaatcaaattaaag
aaagttttattgaatatttactttttcaatatcgatttaagtcgcgtattgcagtttgggtgcttaacta
tataaaagtgaatgaggcgaaattggcaaacactcattttgtagatacaaaaattaatcatcatgaaaca
ttagaaattgcagaagtgggaagtcacgcttctgcaattcaatttactaagcgtaatataaagttaatga
atacaaatgaaatatttgattatatcgctaatcataactgtgcttttgatattcaaattcacttcgcaaa
cgtgtcaaagcgtgagcaaaggctagatgatttaatagttgctcaactaacggaatcgcccagttatcaa
acttatcttcatgacttaaatagtatggctatagatcggcataaacatgcgttattaatagattacttgt
tacacaatattgatttaagtttacagatgaatgaaaagcaacgtttttatcaactaacgcaaattttaaa
tacactcaagctagtaaataaacataatcaatttgaggacttagcagatgacgattaa
>Potential gene 14:12865..13479, 615 bp
atgacgattaatacattttggcaatatacactttatcaacgttcttggttaatgatgctactcatttgta
atatattagggatgatttatggttatatatggtatggtgaacaattaagtcatacgccgtggcattttaa
gatttttgttccagatagcccaactgcaatattatacttagttatttctatctcattgatattaattcaa
aaacaaaatagtattatcgatgcactggcatttgtaacattattcaaatatgggatttgggcagttataa
tgaatatattatttattattgaacaaggtgatattacagtaaatggtttggtattaatgttttcccacag
tataatggctgttcaggcaatttacttctatcctaggtttaaacgttctatgattggaatcagtgtagcg
atgatttgggtatttttgaatgattatattgactattttcaccttcaatttccatattatgattttataa
ctacacatgtgtggcaaattggtgtattatcatgttgtctaagtgtttttggacttttgctttatattga
attaaacaaattattaaagtgtaaatgatttgataaaaacggcaaatgacagtaa
>Potential gene 15:13524..14204, 681 bp
atgataatttatttcgtaatattaatggtgcttcctttatgggcacaacacaaagttaaatctaactatg
agaaatattcacaagttagatcaactagtggtaaaacgggtcgtgaagttgcattagaaattttacatgc
aaacggtatttatgatgtcgaagttgttaaaggtgaaggattcttaacagatcattacgatcctaaaaag
aaagttgtttcactatctcctgcaaactatgacagaccatcagttgctggaactgcaattgcagcccacg
aagttggtcatgccattcaagatcaccaaggatattggttcttaagattcagagcagcattagtacctgt
tgcaaacctagggagttcattaagttatatgatcatcatgttaggtattatcttaacagcgataggtagt
gcatttggttcaactgctttatggattggtgctggtttaatgtcattagcggtattattctcaattgtta
cgttaccagttgagtttgatgcgagttcaagagcgatgaaacaaattacggcattgaacattgtaaatga
aaaagaatacaagcatgcgcgtaaagtattatctgcagcagcaatgacttatgttgcagcaactgctgtc
gctgtagcagagcttgtacgtattattttgattgcgcgttcaagtgattaa
>Potential gene 16:14517..14864, 348 bp
atgcaatataaggagaacgtagaaatgaaatcaatggtagaaatgcaacgtgaagttgatgaatatattg
gacaatttaaaacaggatatttttcaccattagctaacttagctagattgactgaagaagtgggcgaact
tgcacgtgaaataaatcatacctatggtgaaaaaaagaagaaagattcagaggaagcaaatacgattaaa
gcagaattaggtgataatttatttgtgttgttatgtttagcgaattcaatgggaatagatatgacagaga
gctttaatgaaactatggaaaagtttaatacaagagataaaaatcgattcgaaagaaagtgaatataa
>Potential gene 17:15084..16238, 1155 bp
atgggcaagcgaatgaagataggtataacatgttacccgtccatgggtggttctggaattattgccacag
aattaggaattaaattagcagagcgaggtcacgaagtacattttatcacttcaaatatcccgtttagaat
aagaaaaccattaccgaatatgatttttcatcaagttgaagtgaatcaatatgcagtatttcaatatcca
ccgtatgatattacgttaagtactaaaatcgctgaagttattaaagaatatgatcttgatttgttgcata
tgcactatgctgtacctcatgcaatttgtggtattttagctcgtgagatgtcaggtaaagatataaaaat
tatgacaacgctacacggtactgatattactgttttgggctatgatcattcactccaaggtgcaattaaa
tttggcattgaaaaaagtgatattgtgacaagtgtgagtaaatctttagcgcaagaaacacatgaaatta
tcgaaactaacaaagaaattataccgatttataattttgtacgtgaaaatgagtttccaactaaacataa
cacagcactaaaatcacaatttggtatagcaccagatgaaaaagtgttaatacatgtatcgaattttaga
caagtaaaacgcatagatactattatagaaacatttgcaaaagtacgtgaaaagatacctagtaaattaa
ttttacttggagatggtcctgaattagtgccaatgcgtcaattgacgaaagagttaaacgtagaagagga
tgttttatttttagggaagcaagattgcgtaagtgaattttatcaattatctgacttagtattattatta
agtgaaaaagaaagctttggactaactttacttgaggctatgaaaacaggcgtcgttccaattggttcaa
atgccggtggaattaaagaggttattaaacatggtgaaactggatttgttgtagatgtgggtgattgtga
ttcagcgagtgactatgctatccgattacttgaagataaggcgttatacaacaaacttcagaaaaacatg
ctagcagatattgctgaacgttttggatcagaactcattacagatcaatatgagtattattatcaaaaaa
tgctaaatgaacataacaaaagtaaaggcgagtaa
>Potential gene 18:16210..17445, 1236 bp
atgaacataacaaaagtaaaggcgagtaataatatggataaatcattatttgaacaggcaaggcctatat
tagaacaaattcaagacaatggttttgaagcatattatgtaggtggctctgtaagagattatgtcatggg
aagaaatattcatgatatagatatcacaacaagtgcaacgccggatgaaatagaatcaatctttagtcat
acgatacctgtaggtaaagaacatggcacgataaatgtagtttttaatgatgaaaattatgaagtgacaa
cattccgggctgaagaagattatgtcgatcaccgtagaccaagtggtgttacatttgttcgtgatttata
cgaagatttgcaacgaagagatttcacgatgaatgcgatagcaatggatacagcatacaaattgtatgat
tattttgatggtcaacaagatattaataatcgaataataagaactgtaggtatagctgaggaacgattcc
aagaagatgctttacgtatgattcgatgtttaagattccagtcacaattatcatttgatattgcaacgga
aacattcgaagcgatgcgtacacaaatggcagatattaaatttttatcaattgagcgtatagtgattgaa
ctaactaaattaatgcgaggtattaatgttgaagagagttttaatcatttaaaatcgctgaaagcattta
attatatgccatatttcgaacatcttgatatgaatcaaattaatgtgactgaagcaattgatttagaatt
attgattgctatagcatcagttaaatttgatattaattactcattgaagcctttaaagctaagtaaccga
caagtaaaagatatcaatcaatatattcaaattatgaatgcattaccaagtattattacaaaagaacaat
taaaaatgtttgtttatgattatgatacgaatctcattaaaaatgtaatggttgcagcagacgtgttaaa
ggcaaatgatattcaaggacatgaaccattaatcgttaaccttcaaacgattgatgaaacattacatcgt
ttacctatgcataatagaaaagacatgatggttaatggcggtgtacttatggcacatttaaatgccaaaa
gtggtccatggttaaaagatgtgctaagacaaattgagatagcgattgtaacaggtaaagtaagcaacga
agaaactgaaattttgaaatgggtggataatcatgtcaaaatatag
>Potential gene 19:17432..18403, 972 bp
atgtcaaaatatagtcaagatgtacttcaattactctataaaaataaaccgaattatatatctggacaaa
gcattgcggaatcacttaatatatcgcgcactgcagtaaaaaaagtgattgaccaattaaaattagaggg
atgtaaaatagattcagtaaatcataaagggcatttattacaacagctcccagatatttggtatcaaggt
ataatagaccaatatacaaaaagttctgctttgtttgattttagtgaagtatacgattcaatagattcta
cacaacttgctgcgaaaaagtcacttgttggaaatcaatcttcattttttatcttgagtgatgaacaaac
gaaaggtcgtgggcgatttaatagacattggagttcttcaaaagggcaaggactttggatgtctgtcgtg
ttaagacctaacgttgcattctcaatgatatctaaatttaatttatttattgcattagggataagagatg
cgattcaacattttagtcaagatgaagtcaaagtgaaatggccgaatgatatatatattgataatggtaa
agtgtgtggtttcttaactgaaatggttgctaataatgatggtatagaagcaataatatgtggtataggt
attaatttgacgcaacaactagatgactttgatgaaagtattagacatagagcaacaagtatacaattaa
atgataaaaataaattagatagatatcaatttttagagagattacttcaagaaattgaaaaaagatataa
tcaatttttaacgttacctttttctgaaattcgtgaagaatatattgcagcttctaatatttggaataga
acgttgctatttacagaaaatgataaacagtttaaaggacaagcaattgatttagattacgatggctatc
taattgttagagatgaagcgggtgaatcacaccgtttaattagtgcagatatagatttttaa
>Potential gene 20:18427..21132, 2706 bp
atgggtatggcaacctatgccgttgtggatttggaaacaacaggcaaccaattagattttgacgatatca
ttcaaattggtataacgtttgtgcgcaataaccaaattattgatacatatcattctatgattagaacaaa
tttagagattccgccattcattcaagcgttaacatccattgaagaaaatatgctacaacaagcgccatat
tttaatcaagttgcacaagaaatctacgataagataaaagattgcatttttgtcgctcataatgtagatt
ttgatttaaattttattaaaaaggcatttaaagattgtaatattcaatatcgtcccaaaaaagttataga
tacactagaaatctttaaaatagcttttcctacagataaaagttatcaattaagtgaattagcagaagca
catggtattaacttagcaaatgcccatcgagctgacgaggatgccgctactactgctaaattgatgatat
tagcttttgaaaaatttgaaaagttaccgttagatactttaaagcaattatattatttaagtaaacagtt
gaaatacgatttgtatgatattttctttgagatggttaggcaatatgatgcaaagccattggataaatcg
tacgaaaagttcgaacagattatctatcgtaagcaagttgattttaaaaagccgacaacaaattataatg
gcagcttgaagtctttatatagcaaagctgtagatcaacttggcttaacatatcgaccgcagcaattata
tttagcggaaactatattagatcagctcatgcatagtgaaaaagcaatgattgaagcatcactaggcagt
ggtaaatcattagcatatttacttgcggccttgatgtataatattgaaactggaaagcatgttatgattt
ctaccaataccaaattactgcaaagtcaattgttagaaaaagatattccagcaatgaatgaagcgttaaa
ttttaaaattaatgcactattgattaaaagtaaaagtgattacatttcattggggcttattagtcaaatt
ttaaaagatgacacaagtaactacgaagtgaatatcttgaaaatgcaattgctgatttggattacagaga
cgccgtccggagatatacaggaattaaatttaaaaggtggtcaaaagatgtattttgaccagaaaattga
aacatatgtaccggcacgtcacgatgtccattattataattttattaagcgaaatgcacagaacattcaa
attggtattacaaatcatgcacatttaattcattctgatgttgaaaattcaatatatcaattgtttgatg
attgtatagtggatgaagcacatcgcttaccagactatgccttaaatcaagtgacaaatgagttgagtta
tgctgatattaaatatcagcttggtttgattggtaaaaacgaaaatgaaaaattgttaaaggcaattgat
caactggaaaagcagcgaattttggaaaagttagatattgcaccaattgatatttttggcttgaaggcta
gtatgaatgagattcatgagttaaatgagcaattgttttcaacgatatttacgattatcaatgattctga
tgtttatgatgatgatattcatcgcttccataatgtatttacttttgaaacaaaagacattttgaaggat
ttacatgcgattatcgataagttaaataaaacgctagaaatattcaatggcattagtcataaaacagtta
aatcattacggaaacagttgttgtatttaaaagataaatttaaaaatatcgaacaaagtttaaaagctgg
acatactagtttcatttcaattaaaaatttatctcaaaaatcaacaatacgtttatatgtgaaagattac
gctgtaaaagatgtattaacgaaacaagtattggaaaaatttaaatcactcatttttatatctggtactt
taaaatttaatcattcgtttgaagcttttaaacagttattcaacaaagatgttcactttaatacatttga
agttaacacgtcgttacaaagtgcaaaaaatacaagtgtatttataccgagtgatgtagcatcttatcaa
tataaaaatatagatgagtatgtagcatcgattgtaagctatattattgaatatacgactataacgtcat
caaaatgtttagtcttatttacgagttataaaatgatgcatatggtacaagatatgctaaatgaattgcc
agaatttgaagattatgttgtattaacacaacagcagaaccaaaattataaaatagtacaacagtttaat
aattttgataaggccatactgcttggtacgtcaacattttttgaaggttttgattttcaagcaaatggta
ttaaatgtgtgatgatagcgaagttaccgtttatgaacaagcataatgcaaaatattggcttatggattc
tgaattcacttcaactttcaaggaatatgtattacctgatgcagttacacgttttagacaaggacttgga
agattaattagaaatgaaaatgatcgcggcataatagtttcatttgatgatcgactcataaacagtaatt
ataaaaacttttttgaacaaacacttgaaaattatcgtcagaaaaaaggcgacattcaacagtttggaaa
attattaagacaaattcaaaaaaagaaaaagtgaaatacaaagtaa
>Potential gene 21:21436..22734, 1299 bp
atggttatgaaaacaacgattaaacaagcgaaagatcatttaaaccaagacgttacaattggtgcttggc
taacaaataaacgttcaagtggtaaaatcgcctttttacaattacgtgatggaacaggctttatgcaagg
cgtagtagttaaatcagaagttgatgaagaggtattcaaacttgcgaaagaaattactcaagaatcatct
ctatatgttacaggcacaattacagaagataatcgttctgacttaggatacgaaatgcaagtgaaatcaa
ttgaagttatttcagaagcgcatgactatccgattacacctaaaaatcatggtacagaattcttaatgga
tcaccgtcatttatggttacgttctaaaaaacaacatgctgtaatgaaaattagaaatgaagttattcgt
gcaacgtatgaatttttcaacaaagatggatttacaaaggttgatccaccaattttgacagcaagtgcgc
cagaaggtacaagtgaattattccatactaaatactttgatcaagatgcgtttttatctcaaagtggtca
gttatacttagaagctgcagctatggcacacggaaaagtattttcatttggtccaactttcagagctgaa
aaatcaaaaacacgtagacacttgatcgagttctggatgattgaaggggaaatggctttcacaaatcatg
ctgaaagtttagaaattcaagaacaatatgtaacacatgttgtaaaatcagttttagaaaattgtaaact
agagttgaaaatgttagagcgtgatacatcaaaacttgaaaaagttgcgacaccattccctagaatttca
tatgatgatgcaattgaattcttaaaagcagaaggctttgatgatattgaatggggcgaagattttggtg
cgccacatgaaacagccattgctaatcattatgatttaccggtgtttattactaattatccaactaaaat
taagcctttctatatgcaaccaaatcctgaaaatgaagaaactgtattatgtgcagacttaattgcacct
gaaggatacggtgaaattataggtggatctgaacgtgtggatgacttagaattgttagaacaacgcgtta
aagaacatggattagacgaagaagcatatagttactacttagacttacgtcgttatggtagtgtgccaca
ctgtggatttggtttaggtttagagcgtacagtagcatggatttctggtgttgaacacgttcgtgaaact
gcgccattcccaagattattaaaccgtttatatccataa
>Potential gene 22:23062..23748, 687 bp
atggataaatatcaattaaaagcaagacctgtagtgatacgaagagaattattagaccattacagtgact
taggtttagatgagcaagatttagtcattttgcttaaattgatttatgcttccgaaacatcaaataaaca
gccttcaattgaattacttcagaagggctcaactatgcaaccacgtgatattacaatggttattcaaaat
ttgatacaacgtgaattgctagaattacaagttcaaaaagatgaagaaggtagatttaccgaatatatga
atctagatccttttttcgaaaaattaagtcatatattgaagcaacaaagtatggaaacgaaagagcaaaa
tagtaaagaaaaatttaaacaattatttagagttttagaggatacatttgcaaggccgttatctccatat
gaaatagaaacgttaaatcaatggattgatgttgataaacacgatactgcaattatacaagcggcattag
acgaggcgaatagtttgaataaacttagctttaaatatatggatcgtattttacttaattggaagaaaaa
caatgttaaaacaattgacgattctagaaaaataagagaaaaattcaataaaccgaaaatgacgcacaca
gttaaaacggtacctaaatttgattggttaaacggggagaaccttgatggtaagtaa
>Potential gene 23:23738..24400, 663 bp
atggtaagtaagaaaaaagcattagaaatgattgatgttatagcaaatatgtttccggatgcagaatgtg
aattaaaacatgataatccgttcgaattaactattgctgtattattgtcagcgcaatgtacagacgttct
agtaaatagagtaacaactgagctgtttaaaaaatacaaaacgcctgaagattatttggcagtcagtgat
gaagaacttatgaatgatattcgttctatcggtctgtatcgtaacaaagctaagaatattaagaaacttt
gtcaatctttgattgatcaatttaatggagaaataccacaaacacataaggaattagaaagtttagcagg
tgtaggacgtaaaactgctaatgtagtcatgagtgtagcatttgatgaaccttcgttagctgttgatacg
catgtagaacgtgtttctaaacgcttaggtattaatcgttggaaagataatgtgagacaggtagaagacc
gtttatgttctgtcatacctagagatagatggaataggagccatcatcaactcattttctttggaagata
ccactgtttagcccgaaaacctaaatgcgatatttgtccactattagaagattgtagagaaggacaaaaa
cgttataaagctagtttgaaagaagcgtgataa
>Potential gene 24:24402..24743, 342 bp
atgacaaatattacaaaagaggtatttgataatttagaacaagagattgatgtatttgccaaaaataaga
cattaggttctagtgaagcaaaaccttacttggatgaataccatagtaaaattattgattattttaagca
ggttaatgacatcactggcaatattgattttgataatttaaatcaatatcctgttgtgccaatgaatttt
aaagaaagatatgattatatgattgaacgtaaatatcattttatgggctatcgacaaatgaagaccttta
aaactgaattgattaaaatgaatgctagttatcaaacaaggttaaagaataagcaggtatag
>Potential gene 25:24810..24977, 168 bp
atgttagatgtcgtgtcattacaacgtcttaatataaaaactgtccatctacatcataatggatatcttg
aggtatgctttaagatatctatttcgaatcgtaggtggatttcttatatctatgattgtgaaaatatgtt
gcaaacatgttgatatttcactgattaa
>Potential gene 26:25261..27444, 2184 bp
atgacggaaaacaaaggatcttctcagcctaagaaaaatggtaataatggtgggaaatccaactcaaaaa
agaatagaaatgtgaagagaacgattattaagattattggcttcatgattattgcatttttcgttgttct
tttactaggtatcttattgtttgcttattatgcttggaaagcacctgcttttaccgaagctaaattacaa
gatccgattcctgcaaagatatatgacaagaacggagaacttgttaaaacattagataatggccaaagac
atgagcatgtaaatttaaaagacgtgccgaaatcaatgaaagacgcagtacttgcaactgaagacaatcg
tttctacgaacacggcgcacttgattataaacgtttattcggtgcaattggtaagaacttgactggtgga
tttggttctgaaggtgcctcaacattaacacaacaagttgttaaagatgcatttttatcacaacataaat
ctattggacgtaaagctcaagaagcatacttatcatatcgtttagaacaagagtatagtaaagatgatat
cttccaagtatatctaaacaaaatttactactctgatggcgtaacaggtattaaagctgctgctaagtat
tactttaataaagatttaaaagatttaaacttagcggaagaagcttatttagccggtttacctcaggttc
caaacaactataatatttatgatcatccaaaagctgctgaagatcgtaaaaacactgttttatacttaat
gcattatcataaacgcattacagataaacagtgggaagatgctaagaaaatcgatttaaaagcgaactta
gtaaatcgtactgctgaagaacgtcaaaacattgatacaaatcaagattctgagtataattcatacgtta
actttgtaaaatctgaattaatgaataataaagcattcaaagatgaaaatttaggtaatgtattacaaag
tggtattaaaatttatacaaacatggataaagatgttcaaaaaacattacaaaatgatgttgataatggt
agcttctacaagaataaagaccaacaagttggtgcaacgattcttgatagtaaaactggtggtttagttg
ctatatctggtggacgtgatttcaaagacgtcgttaacagaaaccaagcaacagatccacaccctactgg
ttcatctttaaaacctttcttagcgtatggacctgccattgaaaatatgaaatgggcaacaaaccatgcg
attcaagatgaatcttcatatcaagttgatggctctacatttagaaactacgatgtgaagagtcacggta
ctgtatcaatttatgatgctttacgacaaagtttcaatatcccagctttaaaagcttggcaatcagttaa
gcaaaatgctggtaatgatgcacctaagaaattcgctgccaaacttggcttaaactacgaaggcgatatt
ggtccatctgaagtacttggtggttctgcttcagaattctcaccaacacaattagcatcagcatttgctg
caatcgctaacggtggtacttataacaacgcgcattcaattcaaaaagtagttactcgtgatggtgaaac
aatcgaatacgatcatactagccataaagcgatgagtgattacactgcatacatgttagctgagatgcta
aaaggtacatttaaaccatatggttctgcatatggccatggtgtatctggagtaaatatgggtgctaaga
caggtactggtacttacggtgctgaaacttattcacaatataatttacctgataatgcagcgaaagacgt
gtggattaacggctttacacctcaatacactatgtcagtgtggatgggcttcagcaaagttaaacaatat
ggtgaaaactcatttgtgggacatagccaacaagaatatccacagttcttatatgaaaatgtgatgtcaa
aaatttcatctagagatggcgaagactttaaacgtcctagctcagtaagtggtagtatcccatcaatcaa
tgtttctggtagtcaagataacaacactacaaatcgtagtgcacacggtggtagtgacacatcagcaaac
agcagtggtactgcacaatcaaataacaatactagatctcaacaatctagaaacagcggtggattaacag
gtatattcaactaa
>Potential gene 27:27297..28118, 822 bp
atgttgtgtataataaacaacgtttactaccaaacttgtgtggtgaaatttatgaattatccaaatggta
aaccatatcgtaaaaatagtgctatagacggagggaaaaagaccgctgcctttagtaatattgagtatgg
tggacgtggtatgtcacttgaaaaagatatcgaacattcaaatgcgttttatcttaaaagcgacattgca
gttattcacaaaaagcctacgccggtacaaatagttaatgtcaactatcccaaacggagtaaagctgtga
ttaacgaagcttattttcgtacaccttcaacaactgattacaacggcgtttatcaaggttattatattga
ttttgaagcaaaggaaactaaaaacaagacgtcctttcctttaaataatattcatgatcatcaagtcgaa
catatgaaaaatgcatatcaacaaaaaggtattgtgtttttaatgattcgttttaaaacgctagatgaag
tttatcttttaccctattcaaaattcgaaatattttggaagagatataaagataatattaaaaagtctat
aacagttgatgaaatacgaaaaaatggttaccatattccttatcagtatcaaccaagattagactatcta
aaagcagttgataagttgatattagatgaaagtgaggaccgcgtatgacggaaaacaaaggatcttctca
gcctaagaaaaatggtaataatggtgggaaatccaactcaaaaaagaatagaaatgtgaagagaacgatt
attaagattattggcttcatgattattgcatttttcgttgttcttttactag
>Potential gene 28:28555..28956, 402 bp
atgacgaatacagtatattgtgataaattaaaaaatgtaggaggcgtcctcatgaatgatgtagtcgaat
cactaatttatgaagttaacaacatgcaacaaaattttgaaaatgtgaaatcacaacaacaagatcatga
tttttaccaaactgtaaagccatatactgaacatattgatagcatgctcaatgagatcaaattacatcgt
gaatttattatagaagtaccttatatgaattcaaggaaatttgagctactgattgctaacattgaacaac
tttctgtcgaatgtcattttaagcgaacaagtcgaaagttatttattgaaaagcttaaaagtgttcaata
tgatttacaaaatatattagatggcgtaacaaaagagggtactcatggttaa
>Potential gene 29:28949..29512, 564 bp
atggttaaaacagtttatgtaacaggttacaaatcattcgaattaaacatttttaaagatgacgcacctg
aagtacattatttaaaacaatttataaaacataaaattgaacaactgttggatgaaggattagaatgggt
gttaatacaagggcaaatgggtatagaattatggactgcagaagttgttattgaattacaacgaacatat
gattcgttaaagtttgctgtaattacaccgttccaaggacatacagaaaagtggaatgaacataatcaaa
gtaagtatgccaacataattaagcatgcagattatgttgatagtatttttcatacgccgtatcaaggtcc
ttttcaatttaaacaagcagatcaatttatgcttgaacattcggaccaaacattgctcatttatgatgag
gaacaagaggcgagtcctaagttcttcaagcagatgttagttgattttatggataaaacaaactatactt
gtgatattgtgacgttcgatgaattaacagcattcatcaatgacttacagtggtctgaagatcaaagttt
ctaa
>Potential gene 30:29478..29870, 393 bp
atgacttacagtggtctgaagatcaaagtttctaatgaggtggaaaaaatgtcagatgtttcattgaaat
tatcagcaaaagatatttatgaaaaagattttgaaaaaacgatggctcgtggctatagaagagaagaagt
agatgcatttttagatgacattattgctgattatcaaaaaatggccgatatgaataatgaagttgtaaaa
ttatcagaagagaatcataaacttaaaaaagaattagaagaattaagactacgtgtagcaacatctagac
ctcaggacaataaaagtttttcttcgaataatacaacaacaaatacatcttcaaataatgtagatatttt
aaaacgtatttcaaacttagaaaaagctgtatttggtaaataa
>Potential gene 31:29971..30123, 153 bp
atgctcacacagtctgagatgattgtagtgttcgtgcttgatgaaacaataaatcaaggcattaatttga
cggcaatgaaatatcctaagtctttcgatatggatagagtaatttgaaagtgccacagtgacgtagcttt
tatagaaatataa
>Potential gene 32:30222..30473, 252 bp
atgaagtggtgtagacagatggttatcacctgagtaccagtgtgactagtgcacgtgatgagtacgatgg
aacagaacatggcttatagaaatatcactactagtttagctctcctagatgatggagagcttttttcatg
aaaagaacacttaaaattaacgccttgtcttgatataatgacactgccttgttttaaaataataagcgaa
tgcgttaatgtatcagcgattaaatttgttggaaatgtataa
>Potential gene 33:30521..31666, 1146 bp
atgtttcaattacttgcagtttgtccgatgggattagaagctgttgttgctagggaaattcaagaattag
gctatgaaacaaatgttgaaaatggtcgtatattttttgaaggagacgcaagtgcaattgtaaaggcaaa
tttatggttgcgcacagcagaccgaatcaaaattgttgttggacgttttaacgcaacaacgtttgacgaa
ttattcgaacaaaccaaagcgctcccttgggaatctattattgataaagaaggtaacttcccagttcaag
gtagaagcgttaaatcaacactacatagtgtgccagattgtcaggcgataactaagaaagctattgttga
acgattacgtcgtgcatataacgaaaagggttggttaaatgaatcaggtgccaaataccctgttgaagtt
gccattttaaaagataatgtattattgaccatcgacacatcaggttctggtttgaacagacgtggatata
gattagcacaaggtgaagcaccaattaaagaaacgttggcagcaagtttaatccgtctcgcaaactggaa
aggtgatacacctttaattgatccattttgcggttcaggtactatagctatagaagcttgtttaattgct
caaaatatcgcacctggttttaatcgcgaattcgtatcagagcaatggaacatcatgccagcaaatattt
atgatgattaccgtgatgaagcggataagatggctgattatgataaggaaatcgaagtatatgcttctga
tattgatccagaaatggtagagattgctaagcgtaatgctgaagaagttgggttgtctgatattattaaa
tttagtgtaaaagatgtcaatacattaacaattgatacagaagaaccggtggcgttaattggaaatcctc
catatggtgaacgtattggtgatcgtgaagaagttgaagaaatgtaccgttatattggtaaactaatgaa
acaacatccatttttatctacatacattttaacaagtaataaagaatttgaatatttagtagatcgtaaa
gcaacgaagcgacgtaagttatttaatggatatatagaatgtacttattatcaatactggggtaaaaaga
cagaacgtaaaactatcgaaaactaa
>Potential gene 34:31750..32082, 333 bp
atgggtaaaaaaatgggtctaggtttatctatagcattggttgttattggtattgccgttgtatgtttaa
tgattttttctagtcaaaaaacgacttattttggttatatgaatagtaatacaaatgcagaaaaagttgt
cagtgaaaaagatggattagtcaaacataatatcaaagtagaaccatctaatgatttcaagccgaaaaaa
ggagactttgtaaaattagtttctaaagatggtgggaagacattttataaacaagagattgttaaacatg
atgacgtcccacacggtttaatgatgaaaattcacgacatgcatatgaattaa
>Potential gene 35:32291..33631, 1341 bp
atgaaaaatacatttaatccattacaaagattacatttctatgcagcaatatttattgctccactgttaa
tcactttaaccatttcgggcattggttacttgttctttccagaagttgaaaataatatttataagaataa
gttttttggtgacagtgatgtaaaaacgcatcaaacattaaatgatgcagtacatcaagttgaacaacaa
tatgaaggattctttgtaagtaaagttagcatacttgatgaaccatataacaaacgaattacactgagtg
atatggcaggaaatcaacgttacgtctttctagatcgtaacaatcaatttgttgcagatcaaaatgcgaa
acatacgtattctaatgtgatgcgaagtatacatagttctttgtttactgaaaatactattattaattat
ttagtagagttaaccgcatgttggacgatattcatgattttatctggtacttatttactcattaagaagc
atttaatttctaacaaaagtaaggcacttcgttggcaaaagtggcacgcaatgattggagttatcattgc
aattccagtatttgtattagtcataactggattgccatggtctggttttatgggtagtaaaattgccggt
atgatggacacaaacggtgaccttggtcaaggtgaattagcgattaatccacctaaatcagatttgaacg
aattaccttgggctacacgtaaaaataaacagccagcttcatccgaaaaaggttcaagtggtcatcatgg
taatgcagcaatgcctcaaaccaaattagattatcaaatatctattgataaggtcgttgaacaggcgcaa
aaatctggtattaaaaagccgttttcaatcgtatatccaagtgatagaaatggtgcctttattgtatcta
atactagtaattcaggtgttactgggctagatgtatcaccttacaaggaacaaacactttatttcgatca
atatagcggtaaaaagttaggtacgattaaatatgatgactacggtattattgctaaatggtttacatgg
ggcattccgcttcacgaaggtcatttattcggcattttaaataaaatcattaatttatttgtatgtatcg
ctttattagtagccattggcatggggtttgtctcttggataaagcgtacaaaaaatactgcagtaaaagt
accacatcgcgtaaaaaaaccagcatctatatcactcataatatgtttaattgtattaggattattaatg
ccattatttggattatcacttatccttgtatttataattgaattaatattatatattaaagatcgtcgtg
ctaaacaataa
>Potential gene 36:33860..37375, 3516 bp
atggatatcgatattgtatgaattcgttttaacaagcaagcatttctatgtgaacgaaccaaaggggaaa
gtaacatgattaataaagaacaattagatcttttatataaattaaaaaaagaagttgaaaagtcgcgaaa
tgaagcacttttacatacaattaaccaagtaattaagaaagtatatttgcagcaatatacatgttcgttc
gttggacatttttctgcaggtaaatcgacactgataaatttattaattgaacaagatatcttaccaagtt
cacctgtaccaacgacaagtaatactgctatcgtgtcagtttcagacaatcacgatattattgctaattt
gccgaatcaaacgtatgccaaattatctaattatgatgaagtaagggaaatgaatcgccaaaatgtcgac
gttgaatctgtagaaattaattttcaatcaactaaatttgaaaatgggtttacgttgcaagatacaccag
gtgttgattcaaatgttgcatcacatcagtcaataacagaacaatatatgtatacaagcaatatgatatt
ttatacggttgactataaccacgttcaatctgaacttaactttaagtttatgaagcatataaatgatgtt
ggaatacctgttgtgtttatcattaatcaaattgacaagcatcaagacgatgaattgtcattctctacgt
ttaaatctcgagttgaaaaatcaattgctgattggggcattaaattagaacgcatcttttatgtatctaa
atttgatcaccctgaaaatgaacttgaagtattatcaacttatctagtttcattagatcaacatagagaa
acaatagaggattatacattaagaacggttgaatatattaccgaagctcagctagattatattcagtctg
aaattcaggaagtattagaagatttgggtatcgaagaagcagagtttgaacaagcatttttaaatagtca
acagcatcaagcaattagtgaagaggcacaacttttaaataatccagatgaattaatggcatttttaaag
aataagcgtaaaaatattttagaaaatgcatacattatgccgcataatatgagagaaatgttacgaagtt
atttggaaagtatgtctcaagactttaatgttggcggattttttaataaaaagaagaaaaagctacaaat
tcaacaacagcgattattaacagcgacagatgcgttacaagaacatgttaatcaacaaattcgtcaacca
atgcgagaagatatgtcatttgttacacgttttatcaataaaaaagaagcttcagataaagtattaaatc
agcattatgacgttaagtcggaaatgattgaagctttatatcaaccacaaacatcaatcagcaatactta
tgtacttacattttcagacgaagtggttaaagccattaagaaatacgttgaacaacagtcaacaccgatt
tttaaagaaattatagaaaatgtgcaggcagatgaattaccaacagaagaaagtgatgatttaaaagaat
atcaacgttatacagaattaaatgagctgcgtcagtcattgacgactaagaattatcgtcactactatat
tcatttagatgaatctctagataaattagtagatcgacaagagacaacatatcaagtggctactgataat
gctcagggtaatcgagataatcaacagctaaatcagaataccgctacaacaaatatgtctatagatattc
aaaaagcacttgatataatttcggatgtgcctttgttcaagcgtacaaagcaggatatccacgaaacatt
aacacgtatagataataaattaataaaaataggcgtatttggaacatttagtgcgggtaaaagtagtttg
ataaatgcattattaggcgagcatattttagtcagttctccaaatcctactacagcagctactacagaaa
tatcttatggagacgagagttatataacgctaaaatcacaatcgcaattattagatgaaattaatgcagt
agttgaataccaagatatatctttttcaactatagaagactttattaattcagatttagaaaagttaaaa
tcacatttaaataaaaatcaactcgcttttgttcatgcagttgaaaaacattataaattgtatgtcagta
tgttggaaaacggagaaaaacatgccattaatcaacaagaattgaaaaagtggagtgcagaagatgaata
tgcaacatttgttaaaacagtacacattgcattaatgcatgattggttaaaaggtaaaataattgttgat
tccttagggctacactcaaataaccaaaggcatacaaatgaaacagagcaaattttaacttcttcagact
taatattgtatgtgagttattttaatcattcatttactgataatgacaaggcgtttatagaacacatgaa
agatatgaaccagttgaatgaaaaccaagcatttaaaatggtaattaatgctgctgatttagcagaaagt
caagatgatcttgaagcggttgaaacatatgtatcagatgcattaagacaagtacacttacaatcagaca
tttttgctgtatcaagtcgaaatgcattgcaagctgaagataagggcattgatcaattaaaacaaagcat
acaacaatttgttgatgttgattctaaatcaattttagaacaacaaatgattcatcagcttcagcaaatg
gatcgttcttatgtagagatgattacagaattcgaaacaaataaagctgatatttcacgtcgccaacaaa
ggttaacagactataaagataaacagcgtttacaacatcaattaattgatgcgacgctacaacatacaga
caacgaagttgaagaacaagtttatcatttaaatgcacgtttaaaattacaactacttgacgatgttaaa
tcagtgtttaattctcaaatgacgcaaaatagtgattttaatgaagaaaagaaagtgtctacgaaagtat
acttagatcaaattcatcaacgattgtttttagagcaatctttaattacagaacgtataaaaaaatactt
taataagcaactcactgagcaaattgccccaatcgttcaacaattagcagatttacatgtcattgttaat
cctcagtttaactttgaatcagctaatatagagcaaccattattgcacatcgatttcaatgatatgctaa
atgcattgcctaaacaattaacaaaacgtaaaattttgaatccaaatgggcaaagagatatacatgaatc
aatttgtcaaagtacgttaggattattacaaccacaaatgggattattgaggcaacagcttgaattatat
gtaaagcaaatggctgtagaagctgaatcgcaatttgaaagttttgaagctaatattcaaacgcaaataa
acgatttattagcatttgatttagatacaacacttatcaatcaattgaaagataaacatcaacaactgaa
aactattttatattaa
>Potential gene 37:37395..38273, 879 bp
atgccaaataaaatattacttgtagatggtatggcgctattatttagacatttctacgctacaagtcttc
ataaacaatttatgtacaattcacaaggtgtacctacaaatggaatacaaggatttgtgcgtcatatctt
ttcggcaatacatgaaatacgccctacacatgtagctgtatgttgggatatgggacaatcaacttttaga
aatgatatgtttgatggttataagcaaaatcgttctgcaccaccagaagaattgataccacaatttgatt
atgttaaagaaatttcagagcaatttggctttgtaaatattggcgttaaaaactatgaagcggatgatgt
tataggtacattagcacaacaatattcaactgataacgatgtctatattattacgggcgacaaagattta
ctgcaatgtattaatgacaatgttgaagtttggctaattaaaaaaggttttaacatttataatagatata
cattacatcgttttaacgaagaatatgaccttgaaccacaacaactaatcgatattaaagcgtttatggg
tgatacagcagatggatatgcaggtgttaaaggaattggtgagaaaacggctattaagttaattcagcaa
tatcaaagcgttgaaaatgtggttgaaaacattgatgcattatcagctggacaacgtaataagattaatg
acaatttagatgaactatatttatcgaagcgactggctgaaattcacacacaagtaccaattgatagtga
agcgctttttgagaaaatgtcatttgcaacaacgcttaatcatattttatcaatttgcaacgaacatgaa
ttacatgtttcaggaaaatatatttcatctcatttttaa
>Potential gene 38:38747..39865, 1119 bp
atgttagttgcagtagtcaaagaattaaaacaaggtgaaggacgtgtagcttgcacacccgaaaatgtgc
gtaagttaacggatgcaggacataaagtaattgtagaaaaaaatgctggcattggttcaggattttctga
cgatatgtatgaaaaagaaggcgctaagattgtaactcacgaacaagcatgggaagcagatctggttatc
aaagtaaaagaaccacatacaagtgaatatcaatattttaaaaaagatcaaatcatctggggattcttac
atttagcatcttcaaaggaaatagtagaaaaaatgcaagaagttggtgttactgctattagtggtgaaac
cattataaaaaatggaaaagcagaattattagcgccaatgagtgctatagcaggtcaacgctcagcaatt
atgggagcttactactctgaagcacaacatggtggtcaaggtactttagtgactggtgtacatgaaaatg
tggatatacctggtagtacatatgtgattttcggtggtggcgtagcagcaacaaatgcagcaaatgttgc
cttgggactaaatgctaaagtaatcattatcgagttaaacgatgatcgcattaaatatttacaagacatg
tatgcagaaaaagatgtcacagtagtcaaatcaacaccagaaaatttagcagaacaaataaaaaaagcag
atgtatttatttctacaattttaattccaggtgcgaaaccgccaaaattggttactcgtgagatggttaa
atcaatgaaaaaaggttcagtattaatcgatatagctattgaccaaggtggaactattgaaacaattaga
ccaactacaatttctgatccagtgtatgaagaagaaggtgtgattcattacggtgtaccaaaccaaccag
gagcagtcccaagaacttcaacaatggcattagcacaaggaaatattgattatatattagaaatttgtga
caaaggcttagaacaagcaattaaagataatgaagccttaagtactggtgtaaacatttaccaaggacaa
gtgacaaatcaaggattagctacatcacatgacctagattataaagaaatattaaatgttatcgaatag
>Potential gene 39:39960..41000, 1041 bp
atgacaaccaacacagttacattacaaacagcacatattgtaagtttaggagatatcgaagaagctaaag
caagcattaaaccatttattcgtcgaacacctctaattaaatcaatgtatttaagccaaagtataactaa
agggaatgtatttctaaaattagaaaatatgcaattcacaggatcttttaaatttagaggcgctagcaat
aaaattaatcacttaacagatgaacaaaaagaaaaaggcattatcgcagcatctgctgggaaccatgcac
aaggtgttgctttaacagctaaattattaggcattgatgcaactatcgtaatgcctgaaacagcaccaca
agcaaaacaacaagcaacaaaaggctatggggcaaaggttattttaaaaggtaaaaactttaacgaaact
agactttatatggaagaattagcgaaagaaaatggcatgacaatcgttcatccatatgacgataagtttg
taatggcaggccaaggaacaattggtttagaaattttagatgatatttggaatgtgaatacagtcatcgt
accagttggcggtggaggattaattgcaggtattgccaccgcattaaaatcatttaacccttcaattcat
attatcggtgttcaatctgagaatgttcatggtatggctgagtctttctataagagagatttaactgaac
atcgagtggatagcacaatagcagatggttgtgatgtaaaagttcctggtgaacaaacatatgaagtagt
taaacatttagtagatgaatttattcttgttactgaagaagaaattgaacatgctatgaaagatttaatg
cagcgtgccaaaattattactgaaggtgcaggcgcattaccaacagctgcaattttaagtggaaaaataa
acaataaatggcttgaagataaaaatgttgttgcattagtttcaggcgggaatgttgacttaactagagt
ttcaggtgtcattgaacatggactgaatattgcagatacaagcaagggtgtggtaggttaa
>Potential gene 40:41031..42353, 1323 bp
atgtcaaatggtaaagaattacaaaaaaatataggtttcttctcagcgtttgctattgttatggggacag
ttattggttcaggagtattctttaaaatatcaaacgtaacagaagtaacaggaacagcaggaatggcctt
gtttgtatggttcctaggcggcatcattaccatttgtgcggggttaacagcagcagaacttgctgctgca
atccctgaaacaggtggcttaacgaagtatatagaatatacatacggtgatttctggggcttcttatcag
gctgggcacaatcatttatttattttccagcaaacgtagcagcattgtctatcgtatttgcgacacagtt
aattaatttattccatttatctataggttcattaataccaatagcaatcgcatctgcgttatctattgtg
ttgataaatttcctaggttcaaaagcaggtggaattttacaatcagttacattagtaattaaactgattc
caatcatcgttatcgtaatttttggtatttttcaatctggagatatcactttttcattaattccaactac
aggtaattcaggaaatggtttctttacagcaattggtagtggtttattagcaactatgtttgcatatgat
ggttggattcatgtaggaaatgttgcgggggaacttaaaaatcctaaacgcgatttacctttagcgattt
cagttggtatcggttgtattatggctgtgtatttattaattaacgctacattcttattaacgttgccaat
tgaactacttgctggtaatttaaatgcagcttcagatacatcaaaaatattatttggtgaaaatggcggt
aagattattacaattggtatattaatttctgtttatggtacgatcaatggctatactatgactggtatgc
gcgtaccatatgcaatggctgaaagaaaattattgccatttagccacttattcgcaaaattaacaaaatc
tggcgcaccatggtttggcgcaattatacaacttataatcgctatcatcatgatgtcaatgggagcattt
gatacaattacaaacatgttaatctttgttatttggttgttctattgtatgtcatttgttgcggtaataa
ttttaagaaaacgtgaaccaaatatggagcgaccatataaagtaccgttatatccaatcatacctttaat
tgctattttggcaggatcatttgtattaattaatacactgtttacacaatttatactagcaattattggg
attctaatcacagcacttggtataccagtttattactataagaagaaacaaaaagcagcataa
>Potential gene 41:42380..43903, 1524 bp
atggatggactactaataaatttaaagttttacacattaaaatcaaaaaccattcaattattctatcgaa
cagacaaatttctgttatggaatttgtctgttttcaaaagtatagggaggcaaatagagatggaaaagcc
gtcaagagaggcatttgaaggcaataataagttgttaataggaattgttttaagtgtaataacgttttgg
ctatttgcacaatcattggttaatgttgtaccaatacttgaagatagtttcaatacagatattggaacgg
taaatatcgccgttagtataactgctttattttcaggaatgtttgtagtaggagcaggtggtcttgctga
taaatatggcagaattaaactcacgaacattggtattatcttaaatatattgggttcattattaatcatt
atttcaaatattcctttattacttattttaggaagattaattcaaggactttcagcagcatgtattatgc
ctgcaactttgtctattattaagtcatattacattgggaaagatagacaacgcgctttaagttattggtc
aattggctcatggggcggctcaggtgtttgttcattttttggaggtgcagttgcaacgcttttaggttgg
cgttggattttcatcctatcaattataatttcattaattgcgctatttcttattaaaggcacacctgaaa
ctaaatctaaatcgatttctctaaataaatttgacattaaaggtctggttcttttagtcattatgctcct
cagtttaaacattttaattactaaaggatcagaattaggtgtaacctcacttctttttatcactttatta
gcaattgcaattggatcttttagtttatttatagttcttgaaaagcgtgctacaaatcctttaatcgatt
ttaaattatttaaaaataaagcttatacaggtgcaacagcttcaaactttttgttaaatggtgttgcggg
aacattaatagtagccaacacatttgttcaaagaggtttaggatattcttcattgcaagcaggaagttta
tcaatcacttatttagtaatggtactaattatgattcgtgttggtgaaaagttacttcaaacactcggat
gcaagaaaccaatgttaattggaacaggagttcttattgtcggagaatgtctcatttcattaacattttt
gccagaaatattgtatgtcatttgttgtgttataggttatttattctttggtttaggactaggaatatat
gctacaccatcaacagatacagcaattgcaaatgcaccgttagaaaaagtaggcgttgctgcaggtatct
ataaaatggcttctgcattaggtggagcatttggcgtcgcattaagtggtgcagtttatgcaatcgtatc
aaatatgacaaacatttatacaggtgcaatgattgcattatggttaaacgcaggtatgggaattttatca
ttcgttatcattttgttacttgtgcctaaacaaaacgacactcaattatgataa
>Potential gene 42:44131..44295, 165 bp
atgtgtttcaatactttttggatagattgcgaaattgtattgaatcgtcatcgttttaaatttttaaatg
agaatggaatgagcattacaatacacaagcaatcaaaagtaaatacattcacaacacaacagagacataa
caacaagataaggagtgaacaatag
