
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:871..1224, 354 bp
atgaaaccattattacccaaaagtataactatggatagaggtaaggagtttgctctatttgaacaaatag
aagatgaattgaattgtagtatttattttagtgatttgggttgtccatatcaacgtggttctattgaaaa
tgcaaatggacttttaagacagtattatcctaaaggtacggattttgcaaatataacacaaaagtcatta
gatgaagctgttaaacaaattaatgcacggcctcgaatgatatttgactataaatcgagtgaggaaatgc
taaagtaccatgtaagcacacaaaattgtgaacctatattaaatgactgtgtgaggcacgaacccgtcaa
ttaa
>Potential gene 2:1388..1891, 504 bp
atgaaaaaaagaaaaaaacgtaaagaattagactataaaacacgtctagctatcgcaaagtatttaaatg
atggtttaaacatcattcagatttctaagattttaggtcgtgatgatgcagttctctatagagaagtaaa
taagcgttctgttgatggtgtttataatcctttattggctgaagaagatgctataaaatcgcgtagtatt
tcagatgaacaggttgctaaacgtagacgtttgaatgatgaaacaaaagcatatattgaagaaaaacttt
cattaaaatggtctcctagacagatagcaagtcaaattgaaaaagatacagggtattatataagttatcc
tactatatatagatatattcgcaatggattggtaaaagttgatgttaaacgtgatatgagacaagcaggc
aagaaatataataagtcttctgaaaagcgtggcaaattagacgtagggtctcgtgttataaagtatcggc
tcaaaaagtattaa
>Potential gene 3:2000..2356, 357 bp
atgaggcgatggtttgtattaattttaggattagttatattattatctgcatgtggtcagaaatatgata
aagaaattgatgaagttacaaagttagaaaaagaaagtattcaagatgtgaaaaatacaaagaagtataa
aaatgttgagcggtcaaaaagttattataagatttataatgatggtgaggttattataatgacttatatg
ccttttaaagatagtaatacaaaagtttcaagagtatataaaataaatcagactagcgataaatatgaag
aagattctaatattgatgctgaaaagtttgagaaagataataaaccagtttatgaagaaaataatatgaa
aaaataa
>Potential gene 4:2412..3002, 591 bp
atgaagcaaaaaattattatgtttactcttgtaacaataatattattttgtgctgttttaattggttatc
agattcctaaacaacaagttaaaatgaaacaaaatcaaattgaagatttgcaggaagaacaacgtatatt
aagagataaaaatggagagttaaataaattagtaaagagacaatcaaaaacagttatttctgatgaagaa
aaacaaatacgtgaagtttcttcaaattttgttaaacagatgtttgaaatgaaaaaagattcttctttta
aatcaaaagcaccacaaataaagcctttagttacaaaggattattacgatacattatttaaggattctaa
agataaatatgatttatatgatgatataacggttaatgatattcatgtttattttgatacgtatgaccct
aaaaaagatagttataaagtttttgttcagttcgacgaacgtattgaaacagatggagatgataaaattg
aacatcgtcaaacatctgcacaattggatttagttcgtacagctgaaggttggcgtattgataatttaaa
acgtttcaatttaaaacctctaggacgttag
>Potential gene 5:3003..4055, 1053 bp
atggtaaataaaaaagatattgctaaaaaagtaataggtaaaacgccaataggcgttaaattgaaattag
cgaaagtcatcatcattttatgtgtggtggctttttttatatttccagtaattataatgtttttgttagc
gcctgatttaaataaaggtaaagatgatgctggttgtactgttagtggcggtaatgtttcggcaaatggt
attgataagtttaacgaaaatgctaaaggtggaaaattagagggtaaaggaaaagaaatacagaaaattg
cagaaaaaaataaagtacctgtgaatatttttatggccattattgcgagtgaatcacaatggggtaaagg
agaaaatgcgacaagacaaaataatcctttgtctgttatgggttcaaaatcgattcatgattcaacatat
ccaactattgaagatggtcttaatgcgggagctaaaaatttgtatgatgtttatatttctaaaggtttag
atactcctaaaaaaataggtcccaaatatgcgcctgttggtgcgtcaaatgaccctaataatatgaatgc
ccgttggataccaacagttgaaaaaattatgaaagatttaggcggttcagaagctaaaacgtcatgtagt
aatggtaaaggaaagtctataaagtttaatggtaaattgccacattggtcaaatgatgaccctggaaaag
gtaatttatacactgctggtcaatgtacttggtatgcatacggtatgcgtcaaaaaatgggtaaacctgt
atcgacttattggcatgatgcacataaatggaatgatagagctaaagctgagggttataaagttgataaa
aatccggaacctggtgcattatttattgctgaacaaggtgcaggcggtcatgatgggcattatggtcatg
tggctgttgttattggtgtaagtgatggtggtaaaacatttagaataacagaaatgaattgggaaggtgc
ttttaaagttaatgaacgtacattgaaaatgactgacggatatagttttattcatgataaggagtgaaaa
taa
>Potential gene 6:4045..5892, 1848 bp
atgaagcataaaagtgtgtatcttttatgctttttaattttgcctattctgcttttaacatctgtgagtg
cttacgctgtttctaatccagttggagagccctcacatgcagttaagccaaaaattgaaaagtatgattt
atcacattatcgttcaatatatagtgaaaaaggcgactggaatccgtttggtcaagaagaaatttcacga
caaattaataatgtgtcagattttttcttttctatgactaagattttagcaggtgttacagattatgcga
ttgaaaatttatttcaactagatgttattaatgattttgcggataaaatcggcgattttgttggcgatat
atatcaaaagttattgagtaatttagcattaacattatttattattgtttgctttaacgcatttattatt
tttagtgtacaaggtaatgcaagagaagcattaaaacgagcgtttttaattatgtgtttaattggttttg
gtgttggtatacttgcgaatgcaggtaatattatacgtggtacaaacaatattggtaaggacttaaataa
tataattatgaatagtacatcttctattgatggtaatattgattatattcatgagaattcaggtatgaat
catatacgtaatcaattatttgatatgacgatatatagaacatatttagtaatgaattatggaactgtcg
acgaaaaagagataaaagcaaaaggtaaagaccgtattgataacattttaaaacttgattatgataaaaa
atcagaaaaagaattagatgatattgttaaagatgaggttgaaaagaaaaataataaatatatgacgcaa
ggttatgtatttcaaaagttggctatttcagtgattggttttattattacactttttatgtcgatagtat
ttttatcaataagttttgcgaagttgattttttctacatttgctttatttttattcttatttttagtatt
cagttggatagtgagttttataccaggatttgaattatctgttttctctgcgtttgcaaaaacgttaggc
tatattattttaagtgcttgtatgacattcttatttgtgatagttggtttgtgtatcaagcttgcaaata
gttttattgaaccggatagtcaaaatgcttattttttaaattcaatatttataattgtaatattgtttgt
aatgtataaaaaacgggctcaaattatcaattttgtaagtcgtggtaatattagtttttctcctagtgca
attggtgctggtgtgatgaatcgaacacaagaacgttttaataagattcgtcatgaacaagcgcaaaata
agaaagctaaacgagaaaatcaaagagatgaacccgccccaccacttcaaaatgataatgatttaagaag
aagacaacaggataaaccaatgcctttatttataaataaagataatcaaaaaaatggtaataagcgcaga
gaacaacaagagtcaatgaatggtaacgatgtaaaatctgcttctgttgaatcaaatgcaaataattatt
ctaaacaaccacaaaaagcatcacagcaagaacatcaagtacgagaaacaagacagcgaaaagatataca
aaggtcgccacaagtggttaatcagccattaaataatgagaatcattcaataaatcgtaaagaacagaag
tcagttcaaactgcttatgatactgatgttcaaaaacgacaaatacaaaatgcgacacagaatcaacaaa
gtagacaatctggaaatcgtaatcaacctattacgcgtaattatcagtcaaaagaccgtttaaaagagca
aaaggatatcaataagcatggtaaataa
>Potential gene 7:5882..7285, 1404 bp
atgctttttatttttaaaggagtgcatataatggcaatgaatgaaattgctttatttaaaggtatacgta
tacagccttatcagaagtatattgattttatgtttgcaggtgcattagcatttatttttttggtatatcg
tatatacattttgtttattgattataaatcagttaataaaaaattggatatattgacgttgtttgcatat
tttaaaccgcatttattgtatttattgattggtacagcaattatatttgtgatatgtaagcttattgctc
agtttttaatacgttttaaaacaaaagatttggctgaaatgattgaaacacaagggtttcataatcgtac
agtaatcaagaaaacaactgagtatatccctattgattataaacaaactgaatatgattattatccaaca
atgttttataagcgtggtaaaaaatcttttgttattcatattaagaaagacggttcgaggtttcaagata
attatttagagttagagacgattattgaaccaatgtttaattctgaattagtagaaaaaaagcatattgg
tcgttatttgagatatgaatttatgccacttaaatataaaaagcgtattgttatgaatggcgaacaagaa
tcaaatacaattttttatgatacaaaaattgctattacgcatcaaattacttgggattttgtgaaagcac
ctcatggattggttacaggtataaccggaggtggtaaaacatattttttattttatgtgattcgtgagtt
attccgtagacattcagaagtacgtttattagacccaaaagtttcagatttgagctttatgaagcgcgtt
attggtgatgataaagttgcagatactaaaggccaaatattaaaacaattgagagaagctaataatgaaa
tggaagagcgttttagattaatgaatgatagttcggattataaaatcgggaatgatttccgtaattttga
tatgcgcccctatttcattatttttgatgaggtaacggcttttacttcaactttagataaaaaagaatta
caagaaatgaatgattatttaattaatattattatgaaaggtcgtcaagctggtgtatttatgtttttaa
cagcacaaagaccagatgcagatgtgattaaaggtaatgtgcgtgaccaattagggttacgtgtgtcttt
aggtaatttgtcaaatgatggttatcgtatgacctttggtcaaactgataaagaatttcaaacgattcat
gatagtgatatcggccgaggttatatttctatacttggacaatataatgaaccaattttatttgatgcac
ctttaatggaacagtatgattttgtagaagatgtgaaacaaatattaaataaggagtgatttgatgaagc
ataa
>Potential gene 8:7666..8313, 648 bp
atgtttttaaatatatttgtttttattttattaatttcaactttatgtctattttcttctttatctagta
aatacttaatccgtttaatcgataaaaacaaaataaataacgaagcaatacaattcaaaacaaacatttg
aaaggatgacctccttatgaacaaatttaaattaagttggttaaatattggtacagctttatttatatta
acgtatattaatatagctatatttatcacttatatatttatcacttatatatttcaacctaaaatactag
ttggcatcaaagatatgttaaatgcaattacaaataaccatatctctaaaatttttagtaatattaattc
tgatatgatttataatttatatctgttctatttttatctaattggtgtttgtgcttgtttactttattta
tctatactgctttgtgtcttcaagataataattccatctcgaataggtgaaatacttggatggttaatca
gtttactaacacaacaatttaatatttttttaatcgcaaaaatgactaatgataaaatagccaccgacac
ttgcattatttgtatttcaggattcttattctttacttatctttatttaaacagtcacgatttttcaaat
aaacatcgtgacgcataa
>Potential gene 9:8486..10981, 2496 bp
atgaatttaaaagcaccgtatgcaggtttaagagataatttgttattaacgaaaactggcgaagtttggg
cgtattatcgtgttcgttctgagtctatatcaacagcaaattatgatgcaaaagaagaatcaaaaaagcg
tatgcgttattttttagagtcgattaaaggttatcaagattttcattttgaaatgtatgaccacgattta
gatttgcgaaataaatttaaagaaattagtaaagattttgatgatgaagcttttaatgtagctgaatatt
attcaaaagaaactattgacgtattagaacaagaattacaaatgattacgcataattcttttgttatggg
tgttaaaatacgtgaattagctgacgatgcagttacacttaaagagattttaaaaagtacattatcagat
acggctgagcgtattgtttcgaattttggttttgatgtgaatttagacgataaaattttagataagtata
aaacatttgaacgagatttggctgatagttttctaggtattggaggcgagcgtttaactgagaatgaatt
ggcttatattattagaaagccttttatttcaaatgcaacacatgacgtacaggaagaatcttcaagaaga
gctattacagatatttataatgcagtaattgaccctactcgcttgagtgttttagaagttgaaaatgata
acgagaaattttatacaacaacagttgttgttgatgattttccgttagatatggaatatacacatttatt
tgagaaagctcaaaatatgccttttccggttgaatgccatgtaaaagcaaaaatcattaataatgagaaa
gttaagaaaaaatttgaccgtgcgaaaataaatcataaacaacaagcaaaagaaaagcaagatactggcg
acagtgcttcggaagatgttcaagataatttgtttgtattgaatcaaatggaacgagaagtgactggctc
aggtgtatttattgagtgggtatttatgtttgtaattaaaagtgatgattatagagattgtaaacgtaaa
gcaaagcgtttgatgaaacgattaaaggaaactcaaatatatgcagttaatccattagctgaccagttac
aattgttttatcaatgtttacatggtaatgatttatttattaataagtattggttacaaagaacaacggc
aacaggtatagcagagaatttatttggtgtgtctcaaagtttgggaacaaaaacgggtttttatataggg
cgtattgataaatttatacgttctgtttcacgtgaggaagctgttgcaagttcaagggatataattttat
ttagtttattgttggcagcaaaaggtattaagggggctgtcagtgatagtccgcatgtattaattactgg
tcaaactggtaaaggtaaatcatttttagcaaaactattgtggatttatacatcattctttaaaggtcaa
atgttgtactgggatccaaaatctgagtttgcagaatggtttgatagagtaacagaaagtgaagaaatgc
aacaaaagtatcccctatttattaatcatttaaaaacatttaaatatgtaacattgaattatgaagattc
aaccaattatggttgtttagaccctattgtatttttagatggtattgaagccaatgaaatgttgaaatcg
gtgtttgatgaaattaaatcttttgaaaattatcatcatattgaaacggcaatttatcaagctatttctg
atacggttgaagaacgcgaaaatggcaaaaaagttggttcattaaatgtaattgaaaaattacagaataa
tgaagatgagcatgtaaaaaatgcaggcgatttattatttgaaaaaacgcaaaacaatattttaaaactt
gtttttagtgatggtacgaatccagctttaaatattcaagaaaaagcaactattttacaggttaaaggtt
tagatatgcctaaagcagatgatgatacatcaagttattcaacaagtgagaaaaatgggattacattaat
gttattaattggtaagtttttagagaaattcggttctcgtagagatgttcaaacgactatatttattgat
gagggttgggcttttagtgcttcaagacaaggtaaaaaagttggtaagcgtataaaaagaacgggacgtt
ctgagaataattcacttgtatttattacacaatcggtaaaagataaagcagatgatgatggtggtaactt
tggttgtcattttgcatttgatgaaaaagatgaacgtgaggatattttaaaatctttaggcttagaatat
tcaaaagaatctcctgaaaatatggagatgttgaaagatttaaagaaaggtcaatgtatattcagtgatt
tttatggacgtgttggaaaaatggttgtacattgtccatttgaggaaatgactgaagcatttagaacaca
agaagattctgcaagttctaaagcagaagaaaaatttgcgatgtaa
>Potential gene 10:11016..11348, 333 bp
atgtatgaatttacagataagtttcgtattaataagggttttcgtttagatttttgggctacatttttga
ttgtgtggtttatattatttttgttattttggtatttattacagcctgtaattatgtcgattggtggact
tatgtttatttactttacggttgcaccttattatataacgaaatatattgttaagttaaaacaagatgga
aagaaattatttttcttcttatgggattttgtaatatttgtttttaatgtgcaattaagaaaagttaaat
taagttatgatgaagaagtagaatatcatgataaaaaaataacatttaaatag
>Potential gene 11:11375..11722, 348 bp
atggtaaatattacgttaaaaatatgactaattctattggaggttaatgttatgagtggtttatttaatt
tttttgttttaggtgctgaccgtccatcacttggtggagttggtgactggataagtaatgaagtaggtac
gggtattggtttagtagtattggttgttggtattgtaaaatgggctagtggtaaatatgggcatatggtt
atattatttgttgttggtggctttttattcttagtttctaaaggtcctgaacaggtatttaatgcgattg
caggtgtttggaaaatgatttttggcggttgaggtgattccatttggataaaaaagcttataatttaa
>Potential gene 12:11676..12731, 1056 bp
atgaaaataataagcaagtacattttaacacgattttctaaaaacggaaagcattttgatattcctaaag
aacaacgccgagtaattccaaaatttaaaaatcgtcgtaagatgattgtaatttgtttttactcattatt
agctattttgttaattcttttattagcttcttttattaaagctacaagagcaaataatgacagtaaagaa
gcagttaataaaacgaatatgattcaaaaaaagtatgaagataatgcgaatacagttcagtatagtccta
aattaaagttatatgctgataagtttattgatacgtatatgaatatctcgaaagattcaaaagaattgga
atctagagaaaaagaattgttgaaatattttccatcagattataaaaaacctgatgaaaaaatttcagat
acagaacgaaaattgaatagtaaagaattttataatattaaacgtaaagataaacaaacaattatacagt
atattgttaattatgatgtgaatattactgaaaagaaagaagttaaagttaagaagaaaaagaaaagtga
aaaagataaagatgagtatgaaacaaaaacagaagaaaagcaacgtaaagtaaatcaaaacattttaata
aatatacctattaagagtgaaaataataagtatgttgttgttgaatatccttattttacgccaatccctg
atagtcaattgaataaagctaaaatggttgaggataatttgaaagacaataaacgggaagacaatccgaa
agcaaaagcttttattgaagatttctttaataaatatgcttctagtaagtctgatgatatggcctattta
atggataaccctgagggcttagaaggaactagagaagtttctcagataagagaaattaggttatatccaa
aaggcgatgattatgttgctaaagttgaaattttgatgaaagataaagattctcctttggagaatttgga
gcattacacattagatataacaaaaaaagatggtaaatattacgttaaaaatatgactaattctattgga
ggttaa
>Potential gene 13:12792..13883, 1092 bp
atgactttaaaaagccagtgtaccccccttactaataggggggtagagcgtacaaataaaagtgccgtgg
aggcagttgttgactgggttcaggtcactttccatatagcccctatttcagcagtgattgaggacgttat
cggtttgcctataacgttgttcaaaaaacgaaatagtggcatttacttttataatcgtggttatgaattt
tcaaacattaaattgtattattcaagtgatgatgaatcaatgggcattcacttacagttaactggtacag
gttgtagagagtttgaacatcatttacaacagttgaataaaacttggcaagatttttttgataaatgttt
atcagttaatgcaaattttacaagaattgatattgcaattgatgattataaaacatatttaaaagtgcct
ttattaattaaaaaggctgaaaaagctgagtgtgtttcacgttttagagctggaagcgcaataaacggtt
ttaatttgtcagacggaagaagtaaaggcgctactttttatattggttctaaacaaagcaatttatattg
tcgtttttatgaaaagaattatgaacaagcgtttaaacgtcattgtgatgtcgaagacattgggttatgg
aatcgttatgaaatacaaatgcgaaaggcatatgcagttaattgtgcgaaagttttgagtagaacagata
atataagcgaaattgtaaagtctatattgcataataatttgcgttttatctctcctcctaaagatggaaa
tgataaaaatcgtaagcggtggccattatatagaccttgggcgttatttattaaagatactgaaaaattg
aatttaactactagaccaacattaaagtccattgaggataatcttgattggttatgtaaacaagttgcta
ctactttagatacagtgttaactgccgaaagtatggcgcaatctgaggggttgcttacagatactgattt
tttagataaaattttagcgcattcacaatttaatgatgagcatacgaatagaattaatcattatttggag
gctttaaaacaaaaaaagcacttatcaaaagataagtgttaa
>Potential gene 14:14058..14360, 303 bp
atggattattatacagcagatagattatatcgctacacaaatagttcaaatttgagtgaacctattttaa
actatgttgctagtcgtataaattggggcgataaagtttcattaatgactttagctaaagaaatacagtc
taaatttaatgatagttacgttaaagaaaatacggtaaaaggtcggcctaaaatttacgctgacctttgt
ctattgtgtatgagcttgagtgaagcaggacatggcagaatgctacaagtgaatttggaagattgtattt
atattggcgatattgatgtttaa
>Potential gene 15:14374..14694, 321 bp
atgaaaccagtattggatattaaaaaaactttaggacaattaaactttttaggtgtagatgaaaaatata
aatatgaaaatggagagcgtactgataaaactgtttatgcatataaattagcgagtcaagagcaaggcga
acaaatcactgttaaaacgcctaataaagtagaattaaactatttacaagaatgcgaattagttgaacca
gacgttaaaatgtatgttcaaatgtcaggcgattttggaactatcgcatatagctggaatgcagaagata
ttaaagtagttggttctaatagtgcacttaaacaaaaataa
>Potential gene 16:14845..15129, 285 bp
atgactgagtttacacctttttttgatggttcaaatcaattaaattatcttaaatttgtaattttaagat
ttcatggtatttctaaaagaaaaatttgtaaaatgtataattttgcatattttcgtatattagaagtttg
tgaaatggcaaaaaagaatgattatcgatttacttataaggattataaatttttaaaacaatatggtgtg
tctaatacatttatttgtaagatgtatcatatttcaattgaagacttagaattttttgaggtgatgaacc
gatag
>Potential gene 17:15161..15727, 567 bp
atgcaagtaagtgaggtagttaaaaaaatgaatcgaattgaaaaacatgctaaaaacacttttattattc
tgatgctcattatgttattttggatttttatgagttttattttccagaaattattatttccaccttcgaa
aaataatttaactacatatgaagcattgaaatattatacacatttaaagggatattacggtttggatcat
atatcaaaaggaatagcatacattgcctgtgtgttaattccactcaatttcttttttagattcaatgaca
tcaaaaaagataataactataataatattataagtacgttattcctattattatactttttagttaatgg
aatttcattgattattcaaggattcactgcagaatttacaattagtttaattagtaaggcaaatattcat
aataatcatgaatttgctgtgaacttatttagatatgtcatacaagaaggtggtatttcttttagtacat
atctagtgtgtaacttttgcataataatgtggttattattttcgtgttctttattaggtggtgtaaactc
tagttaa
>Potential gene 18:15990..17249, 1260 bp
atgaaatttacagagttaactgttaccgaatttgacaactttgtacaaaatccatcattggaaagtcatt
atttccaagtaaaagaaaatatagttacccgtgagaatgatggctttgaagtagttttattaggtattaa
agacgacaataacaaagtaattgcagcaagccttttctctaaaattcctactatgggaagttatgtttac
tattcgaatcgtggtccagtaatggatttttcagatttaggattagttgattattatttaaaagagttag
ataaatatttacagcaacatcaatgtttatatgttaaattagatccgtattggttatatcatctatatga
taaagatatcgtgccatttgaaggtcgcgagaaaaatgatgccttagtaaacttgtttaaatcacatggt
tacgagcatcatggctttacaactgagtatgatacatcgagccaagtacgatggatgggcgtattaaacc
ttgaaggtaaaacacccgaaacattgaaaaagacatttgatagtcaacgtaaacgtaatattaataaagc
gataaactatggtgttaaagtcagattccttgaacgtgatgagttcaatcttttcttagatttatatcgt
gaaactgaagagcgtgctggatttgtatcaaaaacagatgattatttttataactttattgacacatatg
gagataaagtattagtaccattagcatatattgaccttgatgaatatgtgttaaagttgcaacaggaatt
gaatgacaaagaaaatcgtcgtgatcaaatgatggcgaaagaaaacaaatcagataagcaaatgaagaaa
attgcagaattagataagcaaattgatcatgatcagcatgaattattgaatgcaagtgaattgagcaaaa
cggacggcccaattctaaaccttgcttctggcgtttattttgcaaatgcatatgaagtgaattatttctc
tggtggttcatcagaaaaatataatcaatttatgggaccatacatgatgcattggtttatgattaactat
tgcttcgataatggttatgatcgttataatttctatggtttatcaggtgatttcacagaaaacagtgaag
attatggcgtataccgctttaaacgtggatttaatgtacaaatcgaagaattaataggggatttctataa
accaattcataaagtgaaatattggttgttcacaacattggataaattacgtaaaaaattaaagaaatag

>Potential gene 19:17268..18569, 1302 bp
atgaaattaattaacgagagacaaataggagtaatgataatgaagtttacaaatttaacagctaaagagt
ttggtgcctttacagatagcatgccatacagtcatttcacgcaaactgttggccactatgagttaaaact
tgctgaaggttatgaaacacatttagtgggaataaaaaacaataataacgaggttattgcagcttgctta
cttactgctgtacctgttatgaaagtgttcaagtatttttattcaaatcgcggtccagtgatcgattatg
aaaatcaagaactcgtacactttttctttaatgaattatcaaaatatgttaaaaaacatcgttgtctata
cctacatatcgatccatatttaccatatcaatacttgaatcatgatggcgagattacaggtaatgctggt
aatgattggttctttgataaaatgagtaacttaggatttgaacatactggattccataaaggatttgatc
ctgtgctacaaattcgttatcactcagtgttagatttaaaagataaaacagcagatgacatcattaaaaa
tatggatggacttagaaaaagaaacacgaaaaaagttaaaaagaatggtgttaaagtaagatatttatct
gaagaagaactgccaatttttagatcatttatggaagatacgtcagaatcaaaagcttttgctgatcgtg
atgacaaattttactacaatcgcttaaaatactacaaagaccgtgtgttagtgcctttagcgtatatcaa
ctttgatgaatatattaaagaactaaatgaagagcgtgatattttaaataaagatttaaataaagcatta
aaggatattgaaaaacgtcctgaaaataaaaaagcgcataacaagcgagataacttacaacaacaacttg
atgcaaatgagcaaaagattgaagaaggtaaacgtctacaagaagaacatggtaatgaattacctatctc
tgctggtttcttctttatcaatccatttgaagttgtttattatgctggtggtacatcaaatgcattccgt
cattttgccggaagttatgcagtgcaatgggaaatgattaattatgcattaaatcatggcattgaccgtt
ataatttctatggtgttagtggtaaatttacagaagatgctgaagatgctggtgtagttaaattcaaaaa
aggttacaatgctgaaattattgaatatgttggtgactttattaaaccaattaataaacctgtttacgca
gcatataccgcacttaaaaaagttaaagacagaattttttag
>Potential gene 20:18852..19580, 729 bp
atgactaaattatttataccttatattatgggcaataaagatttgattgaaaatgcaacattgttgagtg
aaaatggtacagatataattgaaattggtgtacctttctctgatccggttgctgatggtccagttatcat
ggaagcaggtcaacaggcgattaaacaaggcatcacgatagattatattttcaatcaattagaaaaacat
ggtgatcaaattaagtgtaactatgtattaatgacgtattataatattatttgtcattatggagaacaag
cgttttttgaaaaatgtcgagatactggtgtctacggcttaattattcctgatttaccatatgaattatc
gcagcgtttaaaagaacaatttagtcactatggcgtcaaaatcatatcgttagttgcgatgactactgat
gacaaacgtatgaaagatatcgtatcccatgcggaaggctttatttatactgtgacgatgaatgcgacaa
cagggcaaaacggtgcgtttcatccagaattaaaacgaaaaattgagtcaattaaagcgatagccaatgt
gccagttgtcgcaggatttggtataagaacacctcaacatgttgcagatataaaagaggttgcagatggc
atcgtcattggtagcgaaatcgttaagcgatttaaatctaacacgcgtgaagaaatcattaaatatttac
aatctatccaacaaacattgaataattaa
>Potential gene 21:19573..20787, 1215 bp
atgaataaacaaatacaaacagaagcagatgaattaggtttctttggtgaatacggagggcaatatgttc
cagaaacattaatgccagcaattattgagttgaaaaaagcttataaagaggcaaaagcagacccagagtt
tcaaagagaactggaatactatttatcagagtatgtaggacgcgcgacgccacttacatatgctgcatca
tatactgaaagcctaggtggcgctaaaatatatttgaaacgagaggatctaaatcatacaggcgcccata
aaattaataatgcgttaggtcaagcgttgcttgctaaaagaatgggcaagaagaagcttgttgctgaaac
tggtgcgggtcaacatggtgtagctagtgctacggttgctgcattatttgatatggaacttgttgtcttt
atgggaagtgaagatattaaaagacaacaacttaatgtatttagaatggaattacttggtgcaaaggttg
tggcagttgaagatggtcaagggactttatcggatgcagttaataaagcattgcaatattgggtaagtca
tgtagatgatacacattatttattaggttctgcattaggtccagacccgttcccaacgattgttagagat
tttcagagtgtgattggtaaagaaataaaatcacagatattgaagaaagaaggtcgacttccggatgcaa
ttgtagcatgtatcggtggtggctcaaatgcaatcggtacattttatccatttattaaagatgatgttgc
attatacggtgttgaagccgcaggtcaaggcgaggatactgataaacatgcacttgcaattggcaaagga
tcacctggcgtattacatggtactaaaatgtatttaattcaagatgaaggtgggcaagtgcaactagcac
attctatttcagcaggacttgattatcctggtattgggccagaacattcttattaccacgacattggtag
agtaacttttgaaaatgcaagtgatacacaagcaatgaatgctttaatcaactttacaaaacatgaaggt
attatacctgcaattgaaagtgcacatgcactgagttatgttgaaagactagcgcctacgatgtcgaaag
aagatattattgtagtaactatttctggacgtggcgataaagatatggaaacaattagacaatatatggc
agagcgaggtcttgcaaatgactaa
>Potential gene 22:20780..21415, 636 bp
atgatgaaattgaaattttgtggctttacatcaataaaggatgttacagcggccagtcaattacctattg
atgcgataggtttcatccattatgaaaaaagtaaaaggcatcaaacaattacccaaataaaaaagttagc
gtctgctgttccaaatcatatcgataaagtatgtgtcatggtaaatcctgatttaacaacaattgaacac
gtattaagcaatacgtcaattaacacaatacagttacacggcacagaatctattgattttatacaggaaa
ttaaaaagaaatattcaagcattaaaatcactaaagctttagctgcagatgaaaacataatccaaaacat
aaataaatataaagagttcgtagatttatttattatcgacacaccctcagtgtcgtatggtggtaccggt
caaacatatgactggactattttgaagcacataaaagacataccttacttgatagcaggaggcattaact
ctgaaaatattcaaaaagttaatcaacttaaattatcacatcaaggttatgatcttgcatcaggtataga
agtaaatgggcgaaaagatatagaaaaaatgacagcaattgtaaatattgtgaaaggagatagagaaaat
gaataa
>Potential gene 23:21379..22239, 861 bp
atggtgaagcattgaaaaaataccatcaaatgagaggtgaataatatgacgattttatcagaaattgtta
aatataaacagtcacttttacaaaatggctattatcaagacaaacttaataccttgaaaagtgtgaagat
tcagaataaaaaatcttttataaacgcaattgagaaagaaccaaagctagcaattattgcagaaatcaaa
tcgaagagtcctacagttaatgacttacctgaacgagatttatcgcaacaaatctcagattatgaccaat
atggtgcaaatgccgtgtctattttaactgatgaaaagtactttgatggtagttttgaaagattacaagc
attgacgacaaaaacaacattacccgtattatgcaaagactttattatagacccgcttcaaattgatgtt
gctaaacaagctggtgcatctatgattttattgatcgttaacatcttatctgataaacaattgaaagatt
tatataactacgctatatcgcaaaatctagaagtgttagttgaagtacatgatcgccatgaattagaacg
tgcctataaggttaatgctaaattgattggtgtgaataacagggacttaaaacgatttgtcacaaatgtg
gaacatacaaatactattttagaaaataaaaaaccaaatcatcattatatttctgaaagtggtattcacg
atgcatctgatgtaagaaaaatcttgcatagtggtatcgatggcttactaataggtgaggcgcttatgcg
ttgtgacaatatatctgaatttttaccacaactgaaaatgcaaaaggtgaagtcatgatgaaattgaaat
tttgtggctttacatcaataa
>Potential gene 24:22196..23203, 1008 bp
atgaaaaccatgacattactaacaagaataaaaactgaaactatattacttgaaagcgacattaaagagc
taatcgatatacttatttctcctagtattggaactgatattaaatatgaattacttagttcctattcgga
gcgagaaatccaacaacaagaattaacatatattgtacgtagcttaattaatacaatgtatccacatcaa
ccatgttatgaaggggctatgtgtgtgtgcggcacaggtggtgacaagtcaaatagtttcaacatttcaa
cgactgttgcttttgttgtagcaagtgctggcgtaaaagttataaaacatggtaataaaagtattacctc
aaattcaggtagtacggatttgttaaatcaaatgaacatacaaacaacaactgttgatgatacacctaac
caattaaatgaaaaagaccttgtattcattggtgcaactgaatcatatccaatcatgaagtatatgcaac
cagttagaaaaatgattggaaagcctacaatattaaaccttgtgggtccattaattaatccatatcactt
aacgtatcaaatggtaggcgtctttgatcctacaaagttaaagttagttgctaaaacgattaaagattta
ggtagaaaacgtgcaatcgttttacatggtgcaaatggtatggatgaagcaacactatctggtgataatt
tgatatatgaattgactgaagatggagaaatcaaaaattacacattaaatgcgactgattatggtttgaa
acatgcgccgaatagtgattttaaaggcggttcacctgaagaaaatttagcaatcacactgaatatcttg
aatggtaaagatcagtcaagtcgacgtgatgttgtcttactaaatgcgggtttaagcctttatgttgcag
agaaagtggataccatcgcagaaggcatagaacttgcaactacattgattgataatggtgaagcattgaa
aaaataccatcaaatgagaggtgaataa
>Potential gene 25:23182..23766, 585 bp
atgatcttagttgtagataattatgattcctttacatataacctagtggatattgttgctcaacatactg
acgtcattgttcaataccctgatgatgataatgtgctgaatcaatcggtggacgctgttattatatctcc
tggtccagggcatccattagacgatcaacagttgatgaaaatcatatcaacctatcaacacaaacccatt
ttaggtatatgtttaggggctcaggcactgacttgttactacggtggagaagtcattaaaggcgacaagg
ttatgcacggcaaagttgatactataagtatcacttcaaatactcacaaagtgttatatcaagatgttcc
agaacagttttcaattatgagatatcattcattaataagtaaccctgacaattttccagaagaattgaaa
attactggacgtaccaaagattgtatacagtcatttgagcataaagaaagaccgcattacggtattcagt
accatcctgaatcatttgctacagactatggtgtcaaaataattacaaattttattaatctagtgaagga
aggatgaaaaccatgacattactaa
>Potential gene 26:23757..25169, 1413 bp
atggatatattttataaaaaaataaaagcaaatgtaacgccagaagttttagcacaacttcattccaaga
agatcattttggaaagtacaaatcaacaacaaactaaaggtcgctattcagttgttatttttgatattta
tggcactttaactttagataatgatgtattatcagtaagcactttaaaagaatcgtatcaaatcattgaa
agaccgtaccattatttaacgactaaaataaatgaagactaccataatattcaagatgagcaacttaagt
cattaccgtttatatctggatatgttgggacgtgtagctttgatttagtaagacatgaatttcctaaatt
gcaatcaatacaattagaagatcacaagcagcacgatgtaaggttatatatggttgaacaagtttatgta
tttgaccattacaaagatgagttatatatcatcgcgacgaatcaattttcaaattcaacaaaatcagatc
ttgagaatcgagttaataagtctatcgaagacttaactaaaatccaaccattcatgcctacacaagattt
tgattttaaaactaaagaaattcaatcaaatatttctgaagaaagatttatcgaaatgattcagtatttc
aaagagaaaataacagaaggggatatgttccaagttgtgccatcaagaatttacaaatatgcgcatcatg
ctagtcagcatttaaatcaactttcgtttcaactgtatcaaaatttaaaacgacaaaacccaagtccata
tatgtattatcttaatatcgataaaccctatattgtcggtagttctcccgaaagtttcgtaagtgtcaaa
gatcaaattgtaacaactaatcctattgcaggtacgattcaacgtggtgagacgacacaaatagataatg
agaatatgaaacaactacttaatgatccaaaagaatgcagcgaacatcgtatgctagttgatttaggacg
taatgatattcatagagtaagtaaaatcggtacctcaaaaattactaaattaatggttattgaaaaatat
gaacatgttatgcatatcgtaagtgaaatcacaggtaaaataaatcaaaatttatcaccaatgacagtta
ttgcgaatttattaccaacaggtaccgtttcaggtgcaccaaaattacgtgcaattgaaagaatatatga
acaatatccacataaacgaggcgtttatagtggtggtgttggatacataaattgtaatcataacttagat
tttgctttagcaattcgaacgatgatgatagatgagcagtatatcaacgtagaagctggttgtggcgttg
tatatgattctattcctgaaaaagaactaaatgaaacgaaattgaaagctaaaagcttattggaggtgag
cccatgatcttag
>Potential gene 27:25661..26692, 1032 bp
atggaaccaatattagaaatgattaaaacattaacaggtattaatagtccttcaggagacacagaagaag
caattcaatttgtcgaaaaatatgcaaaagacttgggttatcaaacaacactaacaaataaaggtgcgtt
attaataacagtgccaggcaaaaatgatgaagtacaacgctgtattactgctcatgttgatactttaggt
gcaatggttaaagaaattaaagaagatgggcgcttagcaatagaattaattggaggattcacgtataacg
cgattgagggtgaatattgccaaattaaaactgatgctggtcaaatatatacaggaacaatttgtctgca
tgaaacaagtgttcatgtatataaaaataatcatgaaataactagagaccaaaagcatatggaaataaga
gttgatgaagtaactacatcagaagaagatacaaagagtttaggtatttcagtaggtgattttgttagct
ttgatccacgtacagttatcacgtcatcaggtttcattaaatctcgccatttagatgataaagctagcgt
agcgatgatactacaattactaaagaaattaaaagaagagcaaataatattaccacatacaacgcaattt
tatatttctaataacgaagaaataggttacggtgcaaatgcatcaattgattcgaaaatcaaagaatata
ttgcattagatatgggcgcgttgggagacggtcaagcatcggatgaatatacagtttctatttgtgccaa
agatgcttcaggtccatatcataagcaattgaaatcgcacctagttaatctttgcaaaataaataacatt
ccatataaagtcgacatatatccatattatggttcagatgcttcagcagctttacatgctggtgcggata
tcagacatggtttatttggcgctggcattgaatcatctcatgcaatggaacgaacacatattgattctat
taaagcgacagagaaattactatatgcatattgcttatcaccaattgagtaa
