
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PREDICTED GENES

>Potential gene 1:375..590, 216 bp
atggaggttttctatatgaataacggtacagtaaaatggtttaacgcagaaaaaggttttggtttcatcg
aacaagaaaatggcggagacgtattcgtacatttctcaggtatcgctagcgatggctacaaaactttaga
agaaggtcaaaaagttactttcgaaatcactgaaggtcaacgtggagaccaagcagttaacgtacaaact
gtttaa
>Potential gene 2:708..1133, 426 bp
atgatgtgcgaattgttcaatgtaactttagatgatttagtaaaagggactattccatttgtacctgata
ttaaagtgcaacgaagtcttaacttatggacatatgtgatgcttattttcatgacattagctgcaatttt
aatgggacctttagttgtttattggaattggacttggggtataacggtggcaatcattttgggaataggc
ttttatgcatctatgaaaatagaagatttaaaaaaagtgcataaaatggacaactacgatcgaattgttg
cttttatgaatggaaaagatcctagtgaagtacaaacgactaaagctagaaatacgatgacaaatgcgct
ttctattatatcagtagttggtacactcagcctcataattttccttagtgtgtatttggcaaataaattt
ttataa
>Potential gene 3:1364..1879, 516 bp
atgttttgacatacgacaacatcggggttcgaagactcccttaagacagacctgtatgattacgcgcttg
taattttctcaatgccaacttgaatttcacttattaatgatgcaacttttccatgctattcaatgcttgc
aaagttagtcctagttaagagattacgttcacactatttactattcgattttccagctttccaactatgc
ttttctaatcttttttgtgctataaattctaccgcttcaaaaatacatactgcactgatgaaccagctta
ggaaaccaacaacaatgctaatcaaccacatgtgcgtcatatgtaacatcatccatgtaactaaaataca
aactaatacccctgtcataccaaacactgcgccacgacttacatgcacagcgactttatcaccatattgc
atacctgtaataaacatagacactaaaaatactgccggaaacgttgcaaatataccgccaaattctttcc
aaggtagtgttacagatacaatataa
>Potential gene 4:1537..1932, 396 bp
atgaaattaacattaatgaaattttttgtggggggatttgcagtattattaagttatattgtatctgtaa
cactaccttggaaagaatttggcggtatatttgcaacgtttccggcagtatttttagtgtctatgtttat
tacaggtatgcaatatggtgataaagtcgctgtgcatgtaagtcgtggcgcagtgtttggtatgacaggg
gtattagtttgtattttagttacatggatgatgttacatatgacgcacatgtggttgattagcattgttg
ttggtttcctaagctggttcatcagtgcagtatgtatttttgaagcggtagaatttatagcacaaaaaag
attagaaaagcatagttggaaagctggaaaatcgaatagtaaatag
>Potential gene 5:2000..2353, 354 bp
atgttttcaattggaagtgcaattcttcattttgtcattggtggtatcgctgttgcattagcttcaatta
ttgctgataaggtaggtggtaagttaggaggtattatagctactatgccggcagtctttcttgcggctat
tatcgcattagctttagatcatcgtggtacgcaattagtggagatgtcgatgaatcttagtactggagca
attgtcggtattctgtcttgtatattaactgtatttttgacatctctctacattaagcataaaggttatc
ggaaaggcgcaatattcacagttgtttgttggtttgtcatttccctcgcaatattcagtattagacattt
atag
>Potential gene 6:2296..2526, 231 bp
atgcaacagcgataccaccaatgacaaaatgaagaattgcacttccaattgaaaacatcttcaacgtacc
tttctataattaattcaatacaaaacgtatcattcacacaaagtgtaaaacttaaattttctactgtaaa
ggcaactcaagcgatgttcataaagctttcatgatactttcataaactagcaataaagggttcaaatgaa
agtatatccagctcaaattag
>Potential gene 7:2541..2726, 186 bp
atgatattttcgcaaaatttatttcgtcgtcccaccccagcaaggttgactagaattgaaaaaagcttgt
tacaagcgcattttcgttcagtcaactactgccaatataacttcgtagagcatagaacattgatttatgt
accagcctgatcaacatataaatataaatttttatgtttcacgtaa
>Potential gene 8:2677..2904, 228 bp
atgtaccagcctgatcaacatataaatataaatttttatgtttcacgtaaaacaaatcaaaaccacccgt
gtgaacgggtggtttgttcagcggctataagccttccttactggccagccctaaaagggcactgaaaagt
cagccaactgcactactattccagcaaccctaaagggttactcttttttctttctttttctatttttctc
tccagtgaaaggatctaa
>Potential gene 9:2854..3339, 486 bp
atgtcatctgacacaaacagtttagcacatacaaaatggaattgtaagtatcatattgtctttgcaccta
aatacagaagacaagtgatatatggaaaaataaaaaaagatgtagggattatattgcgtcaattatgtga
gagaaaaggtgtagagataattgaagcagaggcatgtaaagatcatatccatatgttagtaagtattcca
cccaaacttggggtatcatcatttgttggctatttaaaaggaaaaagtagtttaatgatatttgatagac
atgctaacttaaagtatagatatggaaatagaaaattttggtgtaaaggattttatgtggatacagtagg
tagaaataaaaaagtgattgaaaattatattcgtaatcaattacaagaggatatcgttgcagaccaaatc
tcaatggaagaatatttagatcctttcactggagagaaaaatagaaaaagaaagaaaaaagagtaa
>Potential gene 10:3549..4388, 840 bp
atgaaaaaacctttttcaaaattatttggtttgaaaaacaaagatgacatcattggacatattgaagaag
atcgcaatagtaatgttgaatccattcaaattgaacgtatcgttcccaaccgttatcaaccaagacaggt
gtttgaaccaaataaaattaaagaacttgctgaatcaatacatgaacatggtttactacaacctattgtt
gtaagaccgattgaagaagatatgtttgaaattattgctggagagcgccgatttagagcaatacaatcac
taaatttacctcaagcagacgttattattcgtgatatggatgatgaagagacggctgttgttgcattaat
tgagaatattcaaagagaaaatttgtctgttgttgaagaagcggaagcctataagaaattattggaaatt
ggtgatacaacgcaaagtgaattggcaaaaagtttaggtaaaagtcaaagctttattgcaaataagttgc
gtttattgaagttggcgccgaaagtactacttcgcttaagagaaggtaaaattactgaacgccatgcgag
agcggtattatcattgtctgatagcgaacaagaagcgttgattgagcaagtcattgcacaaaagctaaat
gtgaaacagactgaagatagagtacgccaaaaaacggggcccgaaaaagtcaaagcacaaaaccttcgct
ttgcacaagatgtcactcaagcacgagatgaggtaggcaaaagtatccaagcgattcaacaaacaggact
acatgttgagcataaagacaaagatcatgaagattattatgaaataaaaattcgaatatataaacgttag

>Potential gene 11:4431..5150, 720 bp
atgactgtagaatggttagcagaacaattaaaagaacataatattgaattaactgagactcaaaaacaac
agtttcaaacatattatcgtttacttgttgaatggaatgaaaagatgaatttgacaagtattacagatga
acacgatgtatatttgaaacatttttatgattccgttgcacctagtttttattttgattttaatcagcct
ataagtatatgtgatgtaggcgctggagctggttttccaagtattccgttaaaaataatgtttccgcagt
taaaagtgacgattgttgattcattaaataagcgtattcaatttttaaaccatttagcgtcagaattaca
attacaggatgtcagctttatacacgatagagcagaaacatttggtaagggtgtctacagggagtcttat
gatgttgttactgcaagagcagtagctagattatccgtgttaagtgaattgtgcttaccgctagttaaaa
aaggtggacagtttgttgcattaaaatcttcaaaaggtgaagaagaattagaagaagcaaaatttgcaat
tagtgtgttaggtggtaatgttacagaaacacatacctttgaattgccagaagatgctggagagcgccag
atgttcattattgataaaaaaagacagacgccgaaaaagtatccaagaaaaccagggacgcctaataaga
ctcctttacttgaaaaataa
>Potential gene 12:5150..6934, 1785 bp
atgctaacaataaatttagataatattgcatttatgccatgtaacccatctgtaggtggaccagctaaag
gtatcgttgttcgtgaaattgatgctttaggtggacaaatggcaaaaacaatcgataaaacacacattca
aatgagaatgttaaatacaggtaaaggacctgctgtaagagcactaagagcgcaagcagataaagtactt
tatcaacaagaaatgaaacgcgtgattgaagatgaagaaaatttgcatataatgcaaggtatggtagacg
aacttattatagaagataatgaagttaaaggtgtacgtacaaatattggtacagagtatttatctaaagc
agtaattattacaacgggaacatttttacgtggtgaaatcattttaggtaatatgaagtattcaagtgga
ccaaatcaccaattaccatcaatcacattatcagacaatttaagagaacttggttttgatattgttcgtt
ttaaaacaggtacaccaccgcgtgtaaattcaaaaacaattgactattcgaagactgaaatacaaccagg
tgacgatgtaggtcgtgcattcagctttgaaacaacagaatatatattagatcaattgccatgttggcta
acgtatactaatgctgaaacacacaaagttatcgatgataatttacatctatctgcaatgtattcaggga
tgattaaaggaaccgggccacgttattgcccttcaattgaagataaatttgttcgatttaatgataagcc
gcgacatcaacttttcttagagcctgaaggtcgtaatacaaatgaagtatatgtgcaaggattatctaca
agtcttcctgaacatgtgcaacgtcaaatgttagagacgataccaggtcttgaaaaagcagatatgatgc
gtgccggctacgcaattgaatatgatgcgattgtgccaacgcagttatggcctacacttgaaacgaaaat
gattaaaaacttatacactgcaggtcaaattaatggtacatctggttatgaagaagcagcaggacaagga
ttgatggcaggtattaacgctgcaggtaaagtgttaaacacaggcgaaaagatattaagtcgttcagatg
catatattggtgtcttaatcgatgatcttgtaactaaaggtactaatgaaccttatcgtttactaacatc
acgtgcagaatatcgtttgttactacgtcatgataatgctgatttgagattgacggatatgggatatgaa
cttggtatgatttctgaagaacgatatgcacgttttaatgaaaaacgtcagcaaattgatgcggaaatta
agcgtttatcagatattcgtattaaaccaaacgaacatacgcaagcgattattgaacaacatggtggttc
tcgcttaaaagatggtattttagctatcgatttattacgcagacctgaaatgacttacgatataatttta
gaaattttagaagaagaacatcaattgaatgcagatgttgaagaacaagtagaaatacaaacaaaatatg
aaggttatatcaataaatcactacaacaagttgagaaagttaagcgtatggaagagaagaaaattccaga
agacttagattatagtaagattgatagtttggcgactgaagcgcgagaaaaattatcagaagtaaaacct
ttaaatattgcacaagcttctagaatatcaggggtaaatccagcagacatatctatattattgatttact
tagaacaaggtaaactccaaagggtgagtgactaa
>Potential gene 13:7094..8473, 1380 bp
atggatttagatacaattacgagtatttcaacaccaatgggtgaaggggcaattggaattgttcgattgt
ctggaccgcaagccgttgaaattgcagacatattatataaaggaaaacatcttttaaatgatgttccatc
acatacgattaattacggtcatattattgatccagagtctaaagaagtggttgaagaagttatggtgtct
gtgttaagagcgccaaaaacatttacacgcgaagatattatagaaattaattgtcatggtggtatattaa
cgattaatagagtgctggaacttactatgacatatggcgctcgaatggctgagccaggtgaatttacaaa
acgagcctttttaaatggtcgtattgatttatctcaagctgaagcagttatggactttattcgctcgaag
acagatagagcttctaaggttgcgatgaatcaaattgaaggtcgtctaagtgacttaatcaaaaaacaac
gtcaatctatattagagatactcgctcaagtagaagtgaatattgattatcctgaatacgatgatgttga
agatgcgactactgaatttcttttagagcagtctaaagaaatcaaacaggaaattaatcgtttattagat
accggtgcgcagggtaaaattatgcgtgaaggtttatctacagttattgttggtaaaccaaacgtaggta
aatcatcgatgttaaataatttaatacaagataataaagcgattgtaactgaggtagcaggtactacaag
agatgtcttagaagagtacgtcaatgttcgtggcgtgccattaagattagttgatactgctggtatacgc
gagacagaagatatagtagagaagattggtgttgaacgctctagaaaggctcttagccaagcagacttaa
ttttatttgtattaaacaataacgaagcattgactcaagaagattacacattatatgaagtggttaaaaa
tgaagatgtaatcgtaattgttaataaaatggatttagagcaaaacatagatattaatgaagttaaagat
atgataggtgatacgccattaattcaaacttcaatgttaaaacaagaaggtattgatgaattagaaatac
aaattcgagatttgttctttggtggagaagtacaaaatcaggatatgacttatgtttctaattcaagaca
tatttcattattaaaacaagcaagacaaacgatacaagatgcgattgatgcagcagaatctggtgtgcct
atggatatggtacaaattgatttaactagaacttgggaaatattaggagaaattattggtgagactgcaa
gtgatgaactcatcgatcagttattcagtcaattctgcttaggtaaatag
>Potential gene 14:8612..8965, 354 bp
atgttattggaaaaagcttaccgaattaaaaagaatgcagattttcagagaatatataaaaaaggtcatt
ctgtagccaacagacaatttgttgtatacacttgtaataataaagaaatagaccattttcgcttaggtat
tagtgtttctaaaaaactaggtaatgcagtgttaagaaacaagattaaaagagcaatacgtgaaaatttc
aaagtacataagtcgcatatattggccaaagatattattgtaatagcaagacagccagctaaagatatga
cgactttacaaatacagaatagtcttgagcacgtacttaaaattgccaaagtttttaataaaaaaattaa
gtaa
>Potential gene 15:9412..9552, 141 bp
atgtataagaactgtataaggtattcaaacattgtaaacactcatgcttcggaccaaactcatggtgatg
ttatgaaatttgattgctcgcatcgtgtatttctatctttaatcgataaaagtaaaaaaattgagcagta
g
>Potential gene 16:9954..11315, 1362 bp
atgtcggaaaaagaaatttgggaaaaagtgcttgaaattgctcaagaaaaattatcagctgtaagttact
caactttcctaaaagatactgaactttacacgatcaaagatggtgaagctatcgtattatcgagtattcc
ttttaatgcaaattggttaaatcaacaatatgctgaaattatccaagcaatcttatttgatgttgtaggc
tatgaagtaaaacctcactttattactactgaagaattagcaaattatagtaataatgaaactgctactc
caaaagaaacaacaaaaccttctactgaaacaactgaggataatcatgtgcttggtagagagcaattcaa
tgcccataacacatttgacacttttgtaataggacctggtaaccgctttccacatgcagcgagtttagct
gtggccgaagcaccagccaaagcgtacaatccattatttatctatggaggtgttggtttaggaaaaaccc
atttaatgcatgccattggtcatcatgttttagataataatccagatgccaaagtgatttacacatcaag
tgaaaaattcacaaatgaatttattaaatcaatacgtgataacgaaggtgaagctttcagagaaagatat
cgtaatatcgacgtcttattaatcgatgatattcagttcatacaaaataaagtacaaacacaagaagaat
ttttctatacttttaatgaattgcatcagaataacaagcaaatagttatttcgagtgatcgaccaccaaa
ggaaattgcacaattagaagatcgattacgttcacgctttgaatgggggctaattgttgatattacgcca
ccagattatgaaactcgaatggcaattttgcagaagaaaattgaagaagaaaaattagatattccaccag
aagctttaaattatatagcaaatcaaattcaatctaatattcgtgaattagaaggtgcattaacacgttt
acttgcatattcacaattattaggaaaaccaattacaactgaattaactgctgaagctttaaaagatatc
attcaagcaccaaaatctaaaaagattaccatccaagatattcaaaaaattgtaggccagtactataatg
ttagaattgaagatttcagtgcaaaaaaacgtacaaagtcaattgcatatccgcgtcaaatagctatgta
cttgtctagagagcttacagatttctcattacctaaaattggtgaagaatttggtgggcgtgatcatacg
accgtcattcatgctcatgaaaaaatatctaaagatttaaaagaagatcctatttttaaacaagaagtag
agaatcttgaaaaagaaataagaaatgtataa
>Potential gene 17:11593..12726, 1134 bp
atgatggaattcactattaaaagagattattttattacacaattaaatgacacattaaaagctatttcac
caagaacaacattacctatattaactggtatcaaaatcgatgcgaaagaacatgaagttatactaactgg
ttcagactctgaaatttcaatagaaatcactattcctaaaactgtagatggcgaagatattgtcaatatt
tcagaaacaggctcagtagtacttcctggacgattctttgttgatattataaaaaaattacctggtaaag
atgttaaattatctacaaatgaacaattccagacattaattacatcaggtcattctgaatttaatttgag
tggcttagatccagatcaatatcctttattacctcaagtttctagagatgacgcaattcaattgtcggta
aaagtgcttaaaaacgtaattgcacaaacgaattttgcagtgtccacctcagaaacacgcccagtactaa
ctggtgtgaactggcttatacaagaaaatgaattaatatgcacagcgactgactcgcaccgcttggctgt
aagaaagttgcagttagaagatgtttctgaaaacaaaaatgtcatcattccaggtaaggctttagctgaa
ttaaataaaattatgtctgacaatgaagaagacattgatatcttctttgcttcaaaccaagttttattta
aagttggaaatgtgaactttatttctcgattattagaaggacattatcctgatacaacacgtttattccc
tgaaaactatgaaattaaattaagtatagacaatggggagttttatcatgcgattgatcgtgcatcttta
ttagcacgtgaaggtggtaataacgttattaaattaagtacaggtgatgacgttgttgaattgtcttcta
catcaccagaaattggtactgtaaaagaagaagtcgatgcaaacgatgttgaaggtggtaacctgaaaat
ttcattcaactctaaatatatgatggatgctttaaaagcaatcgataatgatgaggttgaagttgaattc
ttcggtacaatgaaaccatttattctaaaaccaaaaggtgacgactcagtaacgcaattaattttaccaa
tcagaacttactaa
>Potential gene 18:13043..13333, 291 bp
atgattaagaaagaaccagcatcttcaggtaattctgggatatctatacgatcttgatgttctaactttt
taccgcgacgtgtttcacgcactccattaattaatacttcaacgtcttgcaagaaccattttgcttgacc
accagattcaataatcccttctgtttttagaaattgacctaaattaatgtctccttctactacaacttct
tgaaccaaaataatcactccatttctttgtatgtcattaatatattatacctttttttgtcacaaatttc
atttaaaatag
>Potential gene 19:13349..14461, 1113 bp
atgaagttaaatacactccaattagaaaattatcgtaactatgatgaggttacgttgaaatgtcatcctg
acgtgaatatcctcattggagaaaatgcacaaggaaagacaaatttacttgaatcaatttataccttagc
tttagcaaaaagtcatagaacgagtaatgataaggaactcatacgttttaatgctgattatgctaaaata
gaaggtgagcttagttatagacacggcacgatgccattaacaatgtttataactaaaaaaggtaaacaag
tcaaagtgaatcacttagagcaaagtcgactaactcaatatattggacacctcaatgtggttctatttgc
gccagaagatttgaatattgtaaaaggctctcctcaaataagacgacgctttatagatatggagttgggc
caaatttctgctgtttacttaaatgatttagctcaataccaacgtattttaaagcaaaagaataattact
taaagcagttacaattaggccaaaaaaaggacttaacaatgttggaagtattaaatcagcagtttgctga
atatgcaatgaaagtaactgataaacgtgcacattttattcaagagctagagtcgttagctaaaccgatt
catgctggtatcacaaatgataaagaagcgttgtcgctaaattatttacctagtcttaaatttgattatg
ctcaaaatgaagcggcacgacttgaagaaattatgtctattcttagcgataatatgcaaagagaaaaaga
acgaggcattagcttattcggaccacatcgagatgatataagttttgatgtgaatggcatggatgctcaa
acatatggttctcaaggacagcaacgtacaacggctttgtccattaaattagctgaaattgagttaatga
atatcgaagttggggaatatcccatcttattattagacgatgtactcagtgaattagatgattcgcgtca
aacgcatttattaagtacgattcagcataaagtacaaacatttgtcactacgacatctgtagatggtatt
gatcatgaaatcatgaataacgctaaattgtatcgtattaatcaaggtgaaattataaagtaa
>Potential gene 20:14471..16405, 1935 bp
atggtgactgcattgtcagatgtaaacaacacggataattatggtgctgggcaaatacaagtattagaag
gtttagaagcagtacgtaaaagaccaggtatgtatataggatcgacttcagagagaggtttgcaccattt
agtgtgggaaattgtcgataatagtatcgatgaagcattagctggttatgcaaatcaaattgaagttgtt
attgaaaaagataactggattaaagtaacggataacggacgtggtatcccagttgatattcaagaaaaaa
tgggacgtccagctgtcgaagttattttaactgttttacatgctggtggtaaattcggcggtggcggata
caaagtatctggtggtttacatggtgttggttcatcagttgtaaacgcattgtcacaagacttagaagta
tatgtacacagaaatgagactatatatcatcaagcatataaaaaaggtgtacctcaatttgacttaaaag
aagttggcacaactgataagacaggtactgtcattcgttttaaagcagatggagaaatcttcacagagac
aactgtctacaactatgaaacattacagcaacgtattagagagcttgctttcttaaacaaaggaattcaa
atcacattaagagatgaacgtgatgaagaaaacgttagagaagactcctatcattatgagggcggtatta
aatcttatgttgagttattgaacgaaaataaagaacctattcatgatgagccaatttatattcatcaatc
taaagatgatattgaagtagaaattgcgattcaatataactcaggatatgccacaaatcttttaacttac
gcaaataacattcatacgtacgaaggtggtacgcatgaagacggattcaaacgtgcattaacgcgtgtct
taaatagttatggtttaagtagcaagattatgaaagaagaaaaagatagactttctggtgaagatacacg
tgaaggcatgacagcaattatatctatcaaacatggtgatcctcaattcgaaggtcaaacgaagacaaaa
ttaggtaattctgaagtgcgtcaagttgtagataaattattctcagagcactttgaacgatttttatatg
aaaatccacaagtcgcacgtacagtggttgaaaaaggtattatggcggcacgtgcacgtgttgctgcgaa
aaaagcgcgtgaagttacacgtcgtaaatcagcgttagatgtagcaagtcttccaggtaaattagccgat
tgctctagtaaaagtcctgaagaatgtgagattttcttagtcgaaggggactctgccggggggtctacaa
aatctggtcgtgactctagaacacaggcgattttaccattacgaggtaagatattaaatgttgaaaaagc
acgattagatagaattttgaataacaatgaaattcgtcaaatgattacagcatttggtacaggaatcggt
ggcgactttgatctagcgaaagcaagatatcacaaaatcgtcattatgactgatgccgatgtggatggag
cgcatattagaacattgttattaacattcttctatcgatttatgagaccgttaattgaagcaggctatgt
gtatattgcacagccaccgttgtataaactgacacaaggtaaacaaaagtattatgtatacaatgatagg
gaacttgataaacttaaatctgaattgaatccaacaccaaaatggtctattgcacgatacaaaggtcttg
gagaaatgaatgcagatcaattatgggaaacaacaatgaaccctgagcaccgcgctcttttacaagtaaa
acttgaagatgcgattgaagcggaccaaacatttgaaatgttaatgggtgatgttgtagaaaaccgtaga
caatttatagaagataatgcagtttatgcaaacttagacttctaa
>Potential gene 21:16442..19111, 2670 bp
atggctgaattacctcaatcaagaataaatgaacgaaatattaccagtgaaatgcgtgaatcatttttag
attatgcgatgagtgttatcgttgctcgtgcattgccagatgttcgtgacggtttaaaaccagtacatcg
tcgtatactatatggattaaatgaacaaggtatgacaccggataaatcatataaaaaatcagcacgtatc
gttggtgacgtaatgggtaaatatcaccctcatggtgacttatctatttatgaagcaatggtacgtatgg
ctcaagatttcagttatcgttatccgcttgttgatggccaaggtaactttggttcaatggatggagatgg
cgcagcagcaatgcgttatactgaagcacgtatgactaaaatcacacttgaactgttacgagatattaat
aaagatacaatagattttatcgataactatgatggtaatgaaagagagccgtcagtcttacctgctcgat
tccctaacttgttagccaatggtgcatcaggtatcgcggtaggtatggcaacgaatattccaccacataa
cttaacagaattaatcaatggtgtacttagcttaagtaaaaaccctgatatttcaattgctgagttaatg
gaggatattgaaggtcctgatttcccaactgctggacttattttaggtaagagtggtattagacgtgcat
atgaaacaggtcgtggttcaattcaaatgcgttctcgtgcagttattgaagaacgtggaggcggacgtca
acgtattgttgtcactgaaattcctttccaagtgaataaggctcgtatgattgaaaaaattgcagagctc
gttcgtgacaagaaaattgacggtatcactgatttacgtgatgaaacaagtttacgtactggtgtgcgtg
tcgttattgatgtgcgtaaggatgcaaatgctagtgtcattttaaataacttatacaaacaaacacctct
tcaaacatcatttggtgtgaatatgattgcacttgtaaatggtagaccgaagcttattaatttaaaagaa
gcgttggtacattatttagagcatcaaaagacagttgttagaagacgtacgcaatacaacttacgtaaag
ctaaagatcgtgcccacattttagaaggattacgtatcgcacttgaccatatcgatgaaattatttcaac
gattcgtgagtcagatacagataaagttgcaatggaaagcttgcaacaacgcttcaaactttctgaaaaa
caagctcaagctattttagacatgcgtttaagacgtctaacaggtttagagagagacaaaattgaagctg
aatataatgagttattaaattatattagtgaattagaagcaatcttagctgatgaagaagtgttattaca
gttagttagagatgaattgactgaaattagagatcgtttcggtgatgatcgtcgtacagaaattcaatta
ggtggatttgaagacttagaagatgaagacttaattccagaagaacaaatagtaattactttgagccata
ataactacattaaacgtttgccggtatctacatatcgtgctcaaaaccgtggtggtcgtggtgttcaagg
tatgaacacattggaagaagattttgtcagtcaattggtaactttaagtacacatgaccatgtattgttc
tttactaacaaaggtcgtgtatacaaacttaaaggttatgaagtgcctgagttatcaagacagtctaaag
gtattcctgtagtgaatgctattgaacttgaaaatgatgaagtcattagtacaatgattgctgttaaaga
ccttgaaagtgaagacaacttcttagtgtttgcaactaaacgtggtgtcgttaaacgttcagcattaagt
aacttctcaagaataaatagaaatggtaagattgcgatttcgttcagagaagatgatgagttaattgcag
ttcgcttaacaagtggtcaagaagatatcttgattggtacatcacatgcatcattaattcgattccctga
atcaacattacgtcctttaggccgtacagcaacgggtgtgaaaggtattacacttcgtgaaggtgacgaa
gttgtagggcttgatgtagctcatgcaaacagtgttgatgaagtattagtagttactgaaaatggttatg
gtaaacgtacgccagttaatgactatcgtttatcaaatcgtggtggtaaaggtattaaaacagctacgat
tactgagcgtaatggtaatgttgtatgtatcactacagtaactggtgaagaagatttaatgattgttact
aatgcaggtgtcattattcgactagatgttgcagatatttctcaaaatggtcgtgcagcacaaggtgttc
gcttaattcgcttaggtgatgatcaatttgtttcaacggttgctaaagtaaaagaagatgcagaagatga
aacgaatgaagatgagcaatctacttcaactgtatctgaagatggtactgaacaacaacgtgaagcggtt
gtaaatgatgaaacaccaggaaatgcaattcatactgaagtgattgattcagaagaaaatgatgaagatg
gacgtattgaagtaagacaagatttcatggatcgtgttgaagaagatatacaacaatcatcagatgaaga
tgaagaataa
>Potential gene 22:19199..20029, 831 bp
atgggaggttatatcactatggaaacgttaaattctattaacattcctaagcgtaaagaaaattcacata
aaggtgattatggcaaaattttattaattggtggatctgctaacttaggtggtgccattatgttagcggc
tcgtgcatgtgtatttagcggtagtggtttaatcactgtagctacacatccaacaaatcattcagcatta
cattctcgttgcccagaagcgatggttattgatattaatgatacgaaaatgttgacgaaaatgattgaaa
tgactgacagtatactaattggtccaggtcttggcgttgatttcaaaggaaataatgccattacattcct
actacaaaatatacaaccgcatcaaaatttaatcgtagacggcgatgcgattacaatctttagtaaactg
aaaccgcaattacctacatgtcgcgtgatttttactccgcatctcaaagaatgggagcgattaagtggta
ttcctattgaggaacagacatatgagcgtaatcgtgaagcagttgatcgtttaggcgcaactgttgtact
taaaaaacatggtactgaaattttctttaaagatgaagactttaaattgacaatcggtagtccagcaatg
gcgactggtggtatgggcgatacacttgctggtatgattacaagttttgtcggtcaatttgataacttaa
aagaagcggttatgagtgccacatatacacatagttttattggcgaaaaccttgcaaaagatatgtatgt
ggtaccaccatcaagacttatcaatgaaataccttacgcaatgaaacaattagaaagttag
>Potential gene 23:20337..21851, 1515 bp
atgactttatatttagatggtgagacactaacaattgaggatattaaatcatttttacaacaacaatcaa
agattgaaattattgatgatgcgttagaacgtgtcaaaaaaagtagagcggtagttgaacgtattattga
aaatgaggaaacggtttacggtattactacaggttttgggttatttagtgatgtacgtatagacccgacg
caatataatgaattacaagtgaatctgatacgctcacatgcctgtggactaggtgagccattttcaaaag
aagtagcattagtcatgatgattttacgattgaatacattattaaaaggtcattcaggtgccactttaga
attagtgagacaattacaattttttataaatgaacgtattataccgataatcccacagcaaggctctctc
ggtgcatcaggagatttagcgccattatcacacttagcattagcattaattggtgaagggaaagtattgt
acagaggggaagaaaaggatagtgacgatgtattaagagaattaaatagacaacctttgaaccttcaggc
taaagaaggtttagcattgattaatggtacgcaagctatgacagctcaaggtgtcattagttatatagaa
gcagaagatttaggttaccaatctgaatggattgctgcattaacgcatcagtctcttaatggcattatag
atgcatatcgacatgatgtgcacgctgttcgtaattttcaagaacagattaatgtggcagcgcgtatgcg
tgattggttagaaggatcagcattaacaacgcgacaagcagaaatacgtgtacaagatgcatatacgttg
cgttgtataccacaaatccatggcgcgagttttcaagtattcaattatgttaaacagcaattagaatttg
aaatgaatgcggctaatgataatccacttatatttgaggaagcaaatgaaacgtttgttatttcaggtgg
taacttccatggacaacctattgcttttgcattagatcatcttaaattaggtgtaagtgaattagcaaac
gtatcggaacgtcgtctagagcgactagtaaatcctcaattaaatggtgatttaccagcatttcttagtc
cagagccaggattgcaaagtggcgcgatgattatgcaatatgctgctgcaagtctcgtttctgaaaataa
aactttagcgcatccagcgagtgttgattctatcacttcatctgcgaaccaagaagatcacgtatctatg
ggaactacagctgctagacatggttatcaaattattgaaaatgcaagacgtgtgctggcaatcgaatgtg
ttattgcattacaagcagcagagttaaaaggtgttgaaggtttatcaccaaaaacacgtcgtaaatatga
ggagtttcgaagtatcgtgccatccattacacatgaccgtcaatttcataaagatattgaagcggttgca
cagtatttaaagcaatcaatttatcaaacgactgcatgtcactaa
>Potential gene 24:22052..22240, 189 bp
atgtctaacattaaccttcatcctttcccaaataattatcatttattatggaatgacgtacgtctttatt
ttttagaaaataaaaaaagaccacatccctacaagggacgtggtctacgcgttgccaccctatttaacaa
tttaagttataaagatacactaaacctaaattgcacttcactaaaataa
>Potential gene 25:22230..23516, 1287 bp
atgttagacattagattattcagaaatgagcctgacacagttaagagcaaaattgaattacgtggagatg
atccaaaagttgtagatgaaattttagaattggatgagcaacgacgtaaattaattagtgcaacagaaga
aatgaaagcacgtcgtaataaagtaagcgaagaaatcgcattaaaaaaacgtaataaagaaaatgctgat
gatgtgattgctgaaatgcgcacattaggtgacgatattaaagaaaaagatagtcaattaaatgaaattg
ataataaaatgacaggtatcctttgtcgtattccaaatttaataagtgatgatgtacctcaaggtgaatc
tgatgaagataacgttgaagttaaaaagtggggtacaccacgtgagttttcatttgaacccaaagcacat
tgggatattgtagaagaattgaaaatggctgattttgatcgtgcagcaaaagtttcaggtgcgcgttttg
tatatttaacaaatgaaggtgcgcaattagagcgtgctttaatgaactatatgattacaaaacatacaac
acaacatggttatacagaaatgatggtaccacagcttgtgaacgcagatacaatgtatggtacaggtcaa
ttacctaaatttgaagaagatttatttaaagtagaaaaagaaggattatatacaattccaactgctgaag
taccattaacgaatttctaccgtaatgaaattattcaaccaggtgtacttcctgaaaaattcactggtca
atctgcatgtttccgtagtgaagcaggatcagcaggtagagatacaagaggattaattcgtttacatcaa
ttcgataaagtggaaatggtacgttttgaacaacctgaagattcatggaatgctttagaagaaatgacaa
caaacgcagaagcaattctagaagagttaggtttaccataccgtcgtgttattttatgtacaggtgatat
tggatttagtgcaagcaaaacatatgatttagaagtttggttaccaagctacaatgattataaagaaatt
agttcatgctcaaactgtacggatttccaagcgcgtcgtgctaacatccgcttcaagcgtgacaaagcag
ctaaaccagaattagcacatacattaaatggtagtggtttagcagttggacgtacatttgctgctattgt
tgaaaattaccaaaatgaagatggaacagtaacaattccagaagcattagtaccatttatgggtggtaaa
acacaaatttcaaaaccagttaaataa
>Potential gene 26:24167..24865, 699 bp
atggcaacacatttaagttttagacaaggcgtacaagagtgtatcccaacattattgggttatgccggtg
ttggtatttcatttggtattgtggcttcgtctcaaaactttagtattttagaaattatcttgttatgtct
tgttatatatgccggtgctgcgcaatttattatgtgcgcgttgtttatagcaggtacaccgatatcagcg
attgtactaactgtatttatcgtaaattcaagaatgttccttttaagtatgtcgcttgcaccaaacttca
agacatatgggttttggaaccgtgttggattaggttcattagtaactgacgaaacgtttggcgtcgccat
tacaccttatttaaaaggagaagctatcaatgatcgttggatgcatggtcttaatatcacagcatattta
ttttgggcaatttcatgtgtagctggggctttatttggcgaatatatctcaaatccgcaaacgctagggt
tagattttgctatcacggctatgtttatctttttggccattgcgcaatttgaatcaattactaaatcgcg
attaagaatttacatagtactcattattgccgtcatagtaatgatgttatcgctaagtatgtttatgcct
tcatatctagcaatattaattgcagccacaatttcagcagcgttaggagtgatgatggaacgatgataa
>Potential gene 27:24789..25073, 285 bp
atgtttaatgtatacccctcaccatgaggcgtctgttgaataatgctgtctatgacaagtgccgtaaata
gtgtgattgggataaatgatagccatcgaaccacgacatcaggcaattgcacttttgaaatcatgataaa
aggtataattcgaattaatagcgttacgataccacacaataaaataagtattaacatgttcatatgagtt
atcatcgttccatcatcactcctaacgctgctgaaattgtggctgcaattaatattgctagatatgaagg
cataa
>Potential gene 28:25552..26520, 969 bp
atgacaaattacacagtagatactttaaatttagggaaatttattacagaatctggggaagtcatagata
acttgcgtttgagatatgagcatgtcggttatcatggacaaccattagttgtagtttgtcatgcattaac
tggcaatcatttaacatatggaacagatgattatccgggttggtggcgagaaattattgatgggggatat
atacccattcacgattatcaatttttaacatttgatgttattggtagtcctttcggttcaagttcacctt
taaacgaccctcattttcctaaaaaattaacattaagagatatagtcagagcgaatgaacgaggtataca
agcccttggttatgataagattaatattttaatagggggaagtcttggaggtatgcaagcaatggaacta
ctttacaatcaacagtttgaagtagataaagccattatccttgctgcaacaagtcgaacatcatcttata
gtagagctttcaatgaaattgcaaggcaagccattcatcttggtggtaaggaaggtctaagtattgcacg
ccaattaggttttttgacatatcgatcatcaaaaagttatgatgaacgtttcacgccggatgaagtagtc
gcataccaacaacatcaaggtaataaatttaaagaacattttgatttgaattgttatctgacactgctag
atgtattggatagtcacaacattgaccgaggtcgcacagacgtaacgcatgtttttaaaaatttagaaac
aaaagtgttaacgatggggttcatagatgatttgctatatccggatgatcaagttcgtgcattaggtgaa
cgttttaaatatcatcgtcatttcttcgtgcctgataatgttgggcatgatggattcctactaaatttta
gtacctgggcacctaacttatatcatttcttaaatttaaagcattttaagcgtaagtaa
>Potential gene 29:26815..27768, 954 bp
atgggagtggcttatgtgttttcaaaaatacaacctaaagcaacaataattgcaacgattgcgttggtat
ttgtcgctttagctttatatctagtgcctggtttaggactaatatttgcattatttgcaaccataccagg
tatcgttttatggaataaatcaatacaatctttcgggattagtgcacttattacagtaattataacaact
gttttaggtaatactttcgttttaagtgccatcatattagtcttaattgcaagtttaattattggtcaat
tgctcaaagaaagaacgtctaaagaaagaatattatacgtaacaacagtagcgatgagcttaatttcatt
aatcgcttttatgttactacaaacattcggaagaattccaccatcagcgagcatagtaaaacctttcaag
caaacattacatgaagcgattacgatgagcggtgccgatgcgaatatgacccaaatattagaagaagggt
ttagacaagcgaccgttcaattaccaggtttcatcattatcattacatttttaatcgtcttaattaactt
aatcgttacatttccgattttacgaaaatttaaaatcgctacacctgtatttaagccacttttcgcgtgg
caaatgagcggtattttattatggatatacattattgttatcatatgtttattatttacaggtcaaccga
gtgtgttccagagcattcttttaaacttccaacttgtgttatcattagtaatgtatattcaaggtttaag
tgttattcatttctttggtaaagcgaaaggtttgccgaatgcaataacgattttactattgattatcggt
acaatactgacacctacgacacatattgtaggactacttggtgttatcgatttaagtttgaatttgaagc
gaatcatgaaaaataattctaaaaagtgaatagaggtggaataa
>Potential gene 30:27768..29741, 1974 bp
atgaatcggcagtccactaagaaagctttactaataccatttgtcatcatgatcatcacagcaattgttt
taatgggtgtatggtttatctttaatagtcttatagcactaattgcatctatcgttcttgtcgtgatgat
tattgttagcatcgttttattcagacaagctttaatgaaaatggatagttatgtagatggtttgagtgct
caaatttcaacaacaaataataaagcaatcaaacatttaccaattggtatcattgttttagatgaaaatg
atcacatcgaatgggttaaccaatttatgacagatcatatggaagcaaatgtcatttctgaatctgtaaa
tgaagtatttccaaacattttaaagcaattagatagagtgaaatccgttgaaatagaatataatcagtat
catttccaagtacgttattctgagaatgatcactgcctctatttctttgatataactgaacaagtacaaa
caaatgaactatatgaaaattctaaaccaatcattgcgacattatttttagataactacgatgagattac
tcaaaatatgaatgatacgcagcgttcggaaatcaattcaatggtaacgcgtgttattagtcgatgggca
actgagtataatatattctttaaaaggtatagttctgatcaattcgtagcctatttaaatcaaaaaatat
tagctgacttagaagaatctaaatttgatatcttgagtcaattacgtgaaaaaagtgttggttatcgtgc
ccaattaacattaagtattggtgttggtgaaggtactgaaaatttaatcgacttaggtgaattatcacaa
tcaggcctagacttagcattaggacgcggtggcgaccaagttgcaattaaaagtattaatggtaatgtgc
gtttctatggcggtaagactgacccgatggagaaacgtactcgtgtaagagcacgtgtgatctcacatgc
gttaaaagatatccttgcagagggtgacaaagtcattatcatgggacataaacgtcctgacttagatgca
attggtgcagcaatcggtgtgtctagatttgcaatgatgaataatttagaagcatacatcgtattaaatg
agactgacattgatccaacattacgacgcgtgatgaacgaaattgataaaaagccagagttaagagaacg
atttataacatcagatgatgcttgggatatgatgacatctaagacaaccgtagtgattgttgatacgcat
aaaccggaactggttttagatgaaaatgttttaaataaagcaaaccgtaaagttgttatcgatcatcata
gacgtggtgaaagcttcatctctaatccattgttgatatatatggaaccatacgcaagttcaacagcaga
acttgtaacagaattactggaatatcaaccaacagaacaacgtttaacacgtcttgaatcaacagtgatg
tatgcaggtattattgtagatacaagaaactttacattacgaacaggatcaagaacattcgatgcagcga
gttatttacgtgcacatggtgcagatacgattctaacgcaacatttcttaaaagatgatgtggatactta
tattaatcgatctgaattaattcgaactgtaaaagtcgaagataatggcatagccattgcgcatggttca
gacgataaaatttatcatccagtaacagttgcacaagcagcagatgaactgttaagtttagaaggtattg
aagcatcatatgttgttgcgagacgtgaagataatctaattggtatatctgcacgttcactcggttcagt
aaatgtccagttaacaatggaagcacttggtggcggtggacatttaaccaatgcggcaacacaacttaaa
ggtgtgacagtcgaagaggcgatagcacaattacaacaagcaattacagaacaattaagtaggagtgaag
atgcatgaaagtaa
>Potential gene 31:29732..30178, 447 bp
atgaaagtaatttttacacaagatgttaaaggtaaaggtaaaaaaggtgaagttaaagaagtaccagtag
gttatgcaaataacttcttattgaaaaagaattatgctgtagaagcaacaccaggtaaccttaaacaatt
agagttacagaaaaaacgtgcaaaacaagaacgccaacaagaaattgaagatgctaaagcattaaaagaa
acgttatcaaacattgaagttcaagtatcagcaaaaactggtgaaggtggtaaattgtttgggtcagtaa
gtacaaaacaaattgccgaagcactaaaagcacaacatgatattaaaattgataaacgtaaaatggattt
accaaatggaattcattccctaggatatacgaatgtacctgttaaattagataaagaagttgaaggtacg
attcgcgtacacacagttgaacaataa
>Potential gene 32:30210..31610, 1401 bp
atggatagaatgtatgagcaaaatcaaatgccgcataacaatgaagctgaacagtctgtcttaggttcaa
ttattatagatccagaattgattaatactactcaggaagttttgcttcctgagtcgttttataggggtgc
ccatcaacatattttccgtgcaatgatgcacttaaatgaagataacaaagaaattgatgtagtaacattg
atggatcagttatcaagtgaaggtacgttgaatgaagcgggtggtccgcaatatcttgcagagttatcta
caaatgtaccaacgacacgaaatgttcagtattatacggacattgtttctaagcatgcattaaaacgtag
attgattcaaactgcagatagtattgccaatgatggatataatgatgaacttgaactagatgcgatttta
agtgatgcagaacgtcgaattttagagctatcatcttctcgtgaaagcgatggctttaaagacattcgag
acgtcttaggacaagtatatgaaacagctgaagagcttgatcaaaatagtggtcaaacaccaggtattcc
tacaggatatcgagatttagaccaaatgacagcagggttcaaccgaaatgatttaattatccttgcagcg
cgtccatctgtaggtaagactgcgttcgcacttaatattgcacaaaaagttgcaacgcatgaagatatgt
atacagttggtattttctcactagagatgggtgctgatcagttagccacacgtatgatttgtagttctgg
taatgttgactcaaaccgcttaagaacgggtactatgactgaggaagattggagtcgttttactatagcg
gtaggtaaattatcacgtacgaagatttttattgatgatacaccgggtattcgaattaatgatctacgtt
ctaaatgtcgtcgattaaagcaagaacatggcttagacatgattgtgattgactacttacagttgattca
aggtagtggttcacgtgcgtctgataacagacaacaggaagtttctgaaatctctcgtacattaaaagca
ttagcccgtgaattagaatgtccagttatcgcgttgagtcagttatctcgtggtgttgaacaacgacaag
ataaacgtccaatgatgagtgatattcgtgaatctggttcgattgagcaagatgccgatatcgttgcatt
cttataccgtgatgattactataaccgtggcggcgatgaagatgatgacgatgatggtggttttgagcca
caaacgaatgatgaaaacggtgaaattgaaatcatcattgctaagcaacgtaatggtccaacaggcacag
ttaagttacactttatgaaacaatataataaatttacagatatcgattatgcacatgctgatatgatgta
a
>Potential gene 33:31828..33171, 1344 bp
atggtctcgatattggtagaatatcaaatggttaaatgagaaaaacttggaggtgctcacatgtcatcaa
tcgtagtagttgggacacaatggggagacgaaggaaaaggaaaaataacggatttcttggcagaacagtc
agatgttatcgcgcgtttttcaggtggtaataatgcaggccataccattcaatttggcggagaaacatat
aaattacatttagtaccatctggtatcttttacaaagacaaattagcggtaatcggtaacggagtcgttg
ttgatccagttgcactattgaaagaattagacggattaaatgaacgtggcattcctacaagtaatttacg
tatatctaatcgtgcgcaagtgattctaccatatcacttagtacaagatgaatatgaagaacgtttacgt
ggtgataataagattggtacaactaaaaaaggtatcggtccagcatatgtagataaagttcaacgtatcg
gtattcgtatggcagatttacttgaaaaagaaacattcgaaagattattaaaatcaaacattgaatataa
acaagcatatttcaaaggtatgtttaacgaaacatgtccatcatttgatgatatctttgaagaatattat
gctgcaggtcaacgtttaaaagaatttgtaacagacacatcaaaaatcttagacgatgcatttgtagcag
atgaaaaggtacttttcgaaggtgcgcaaggtgtaatgttagatatcgaccatggtacatatccattcgt
tacatcaagtaatccaattgcaggtaacgttactgttggtacaggtgtaggtcctacattcgtttcgaag
gtaattggtgtatgtaaagcttatacatcacgtgttggtgatggtccattccctactgaattattcgatg
aagatggacatcatattagagaggttggtcgtgaatacggtacaacaacaggacgtccacgtcgtgtagg
ttggtttgattcagttgtattacgtcactctcgtcgtgtaagtggtattacagatttatctattaactca
atcgatgttttaacaggcctagacacagtgaaaatctgtacagcttatgaattagacggtaaagaaatta
ctgagtacccagcaaacttagatcaattaaaacgttgtaaaccaatctttgaagagttaccaggttggac
agaagacgtaacaagtgtgcgtactttagaagaattacctgaaaatgcacgtaaatatttagagcgtatt
tcagaattatgtaatgtacaaatttctatcttctcagttggtccagatagagaacaaacaaacctattaa
aagaattgtggtag
>Potential gene 34:33618..33950, 333 bp
atgtttgtacgtctaattaagattttattggctacgtttatctttcatatccaaccactaagttacttga
ggttcatacattataaagaaaatggacgaacagataaatcaatatgattatcattcgtccatatatcttt
tattaatataatattaaacgcaaaaaaatgcctatcctcttggataggcatttgtacggtctcgacggga
atcgaacccgcgatctcctgcgtgacaggcaggcgtgttaaccgctacactacgagacctaaaaaatggt
gactcctacgggactcgaacccgtgttaccgccgtgaaagggcggtgtcttaa
>Potential gene 35:34368..35075, 708 bp
atgcaaatggctagaaaagttgttgtagttgatgatgaaaaaccgattgctgatattttagaatttaact
taaaaaaagaaggatacgatgtttactgtgcatacgatggtaatgatgcagtcgacttaatttatgaaga
agaaccagacatcgtattattagatatcatgttacctggtcgtgatggtatggaagtatgtcgcgaagtg
cgcaaaaaatacgaaatgccaattattatgctaactgctaaagactcagaaattgataaagtgcttggtt
tagaactaggtgcagatgactatgtaacaaaaccgtttagtacacgtgaattaattgcacgtgtgaaagc
gaatttacgccgtcattactcacaaccagcgcaagacactgggaacgtgacgaatgaaatcacaattaaa
gatattgtgatttatccagacgcatattctattaaaaaacgtggcgaagatattgaattaacacatcgtg
aatttgaattgttccattatttatcaaaacatatgggacaagtaatgacacgtgaacatttattacaaac
agtatggggctatgattactttggcgatgtacgtacggtcgatgtaacgattcgtcgtttacgtgaaaag
attgaagatgatccgtcacatcctgaatacattgtgacgcgtagaggcgttggatatttcctccaacaac
atgagtag
>Potential gene 36:35088..36914, 1827 bp
atgaagtggctaaaacaactacaatcccttcatactaaacttgtaattgtttatgtattactgattatca
ttggtatgcaaattatcgggctgtattttacaaataatcttgaaaaagagctgcttgataattttaagaa
gaatattacgcagtacgctaaacaattagaaattagtattgaaaaagtatatgacgaaaagggctccgta
aatgcacaaaaagatattcaaaatttattaagtgagtatgccaaccgtcaagaaattggagaaattcgtt
ttatagataaagaccaaattattattgcgacgacgaagcagtctaaccgtagtctaatcaatcaaaaagc
gaatgatagttctgtccaaaaagcactatcactaggacaatcaaacgatcatttaattttaaaagattat
ggcggtggtaaggaccgtgtctgggtatataatatccccgttaaagtcgataaaaaggtaattggtaata
tttatatcgaatcaaaaattaatgacgtttataaccaattaaataatataaatcaaatattcattgttgg
tacagctatttcattattaatcacagtcatcctaggattctttatagctcgaacgattaccaaaccaatc
accgatatgcgtaaccagacggtcgaaatgtccagaggtaactatacgcaacgtgtgaagatttatggta
atgatgaaattggcgaattagctttagcatttaataacttgtctaaacgtgtacaagaagcgcaggctaa
tactgaaagtgagaaacgtagactggactcagttatcacccatatgagtgatggtattattgcaacagac
cgtcgtggacgtattcgtatcgtcaatgatatggcacttaagatgcttggtatggcaaaagaagacatca
tcggatattacatgttaagtgtattaagtcttgaagatgaatttaaactggaagaaattcaagagaataa
tgatagtttcttattagatttaaatgaagaagaaggtctaatcgcacgtgttaactttagtacgattgtg
caggaaacaggatttgtaactggttatatcgctgtgttacatgacgttactgaacaacaacaagttgaac
gtgagcgtcgtgaatttgttgctaatgtatcacatgagttacgtacacctttaacttctatgaatagtta
cattgaagcacttgaagaaggtgcatggaaagatgaggaacttgcgccacaatttttatctgttacccgt
gaagaaacagaacgaatgattcgactggtcaatgacttgctacagttatctaaaatggataatgagtctg
atcaaatcaacaaagaaattatcgactttaacatgttcattaataaaattattaatcgacatgaaatgtc
tgcgaaagatacaacatttattcgagatattccgaaaaagacgattttcacagaatttgatcctgataaa
atgacgcaagtatttgataatgtcattacaaatgcgatgaaatattctagaggcgataaacgtgtcgagt
tccacgtgaaacaaaatccactttataatcgaatgacgattcgtattaaagataatggcatcggtattcc
tatcaataaagtcgataagatattcgaccgattctatcgtgtagataaggcacgtacgcgtaaaatgggt
ggtactggattaggactagccatttcgaaagagattgtggaagcgcacaatggtcgtatttgggcaaaca
gtgtagaaggtcaaggtacatctatctttatcacacttccatgtgaagtcattgaagacggtgattggga
tgaataa
>Potential gene 37:36907..38241, 1335 bp
atgaataataaggagcatattaaatctgtcattttagcgctacttgtcttgatgagtgtcgtattgacat
atatggtatggaacttttctcctgatattgcaaatgtcgacaatacagatagtaagaagagtgaaacgaa
acctttaacgacacctatgacagccaaaatggatacaactattacgccatttcagattattcattcgaaa
aatgatcatccagaaggtacgattgcgacggtttctaatgtgaataagctgacgaaacctttaaaaaata
aagaagtgaagtccgtggaacatgttcgtcgtgatcataacttgatgattcctgatttgagcagtgattt
tacattattcgattttacgtatgatttaccgttatcaacatatcttggccaagtactgaacatgaatgcg
aaagtaccaaatcatttcaatttcaatcgtttggtcatagatcatgatgctgatgataatatcgtgcttt
atgctataagcaaagatcgccacgattacgtaaaattaacaactacaacgaaaaatgatcattttttaga
tgcattagcagcagtgaaaaaagacatgcaaccatacacagatatcatcacaaacaaagatacaattgat
cgtacgacgcatgtttttgcaccaagtaaacctgaaaagttaaaaacatatcgcatggtatttaacacga
ttagtgttgagaaaatgaatgctatactatttgacgattcaaccatcgttcgtagttcaaagagtggtgt
tacaacctacaacaataatacaggtgtcgcaaactataacgataaaaatgaaaaatatcattataaaaac
ttgtccgaagatgaagcaagttccagcaaaatggaagaaacgattccaggaacctttgattttattaatg
gtcatggtggtttcttaaacgaagacttcagattgtttagtacgaataatcagtcaggcgagttaacata
tcaacgtttccttaacggttatccaacgtttaataaagaaggctctaatcaaattcaagtcacttggggt
gaaaaaggcgtctttgattatcgtcgttcgttattacgcaccgacgttgttttaaacagtgaagataata
aaacgttgccgaaattagagtctgtacgttcaagcttagcgaacaatagtgatattaattttgaaaaagt
aacaaacatcgctatcggttacgaaatgcaggataactcagatcataatcacattgaagtgcagattaac
agtgaactcgtaccgcgttggtatgtagaatatgatggcgaatggtatgtttataacgatgggaggcttg
aataa
>Potential gene 38:38242..39030, 789 bp
atgaactggaaactgacaaagacacttttcattttcgtgtttattcttgtcaacatcgtgttagtatcga
tttatgttaataaagtcaatcgctcacacattaatgaagtcgagagtaacaatgaagttaattttcagca
agaagaaattagggtgccagccagtattttaaataaatctgttaaaggcatacaattagaacaaattacg
ggacgatcaaaagactttagttcaaaagctaaaggtgattctgatttatccacatcagatagtggaaaat
tattaaatgcgaacatcagccaatcggtaaaagttagtgataataacttaaaagatttaaaagattacgt
taacaagcgcgtatttaaaggtgctgaatatcaattaagcgagattagttcagattctgtaaaatatgaa
caaacgtatgatgattttccgattttaaataacagcaaagcgatgttgaactttaaaatagaagataaca
aagcgactagttataaacaatcaatgatggatgacattaagcccacagatggtgcagataagaagcatca
agtgattagtgtgagaaaagcaatcgaggcattatattataatcgttacttgaaaaaaggtgatgaagtc
attaatgctagacttggttactattcagtcgtgaatgaaacgaatgttcaattgttacaaccaaactggg
aaattaaagtgaagcatgacggtaaggacaaaacgaatacttactatgtcgaagcgacaaataataaccc
taaaattattaatcattaa
>Potential gene 39:39426..40226, 801 bp
atgagccgcttgatacgcatgagtgtattagcaagtggtagtacaggtaacgccacttttgtagaaaatg
aaaaaggtagtctattagttgatgttggtttgactggcaagaaaatggaagaattgtttagtcaaattga
ccgtaatattcaagatttaaatggtattttagtaacccatgaacatattgatcatattaaaggattaggt
gttttggcgcgtaaatatcaattgccaatttatgcgaatgaaaagacttggcaggcaattgaaaagaaag
atagtcgcatccctatggatcagaaattcatttttaatccttatgaaacaaaatctattgcaggtttcga
tgttgaatcgtttaacgtgtcacatgatgcgatagatccacaattttatattttccataataactataag
aagtttacgattttaacggatacgggatacgtgtctgatcgtatgaaaggtatgatacgtggcagcgatg
cgtttatttttgagagtaatcatgacgtcgatatgttgagaatgtgtcgttatccatggaagacgaaaca
acgtattttaggcgatatgggtcatgtatctaatgaggatgcgggtcatgcgatgacagacgtgattaca
ggtaacacgaaacgtatttacttatcgcatttatcacaagataataatatgaaagatttggcgcgtatga
gtgttggtcaagtattgaacgaacacgatattgatacggaaaaagaagtattgctatgtgatacggataa
agctattccaacgccaatatatacaatataa
>Potential gene 40:40410..42770, 2361 bp
atgataatatattggtgtatgacagttaatggagggaacgaaatgaaagctttattacttaaaacaagtg
tatggctcgttttgctttttagtgcaatgggattatggcaagtctcgagcgcggctgagcaacatacacc
aatgaaagcacatgcagtaacaacgatagacaaagcaacaacagataggcaactagtactgccaacaaag
gaagcggctcatcaatctggtgaagaagcggcaaccaacgtatcagcatcagcacagggaacagctgatg
atacaaacaacaaagtaacatccaacgcaccatctaacaaaccatctacagcagtttcaacaacagtaaa
cgaaacgcacgatgtagatgcacaacaagcctcaacacaaaaaccaactcaatcagcaacattcaaatta
tcaaatgctaaaacagcatcactttcaccacgaatgtttgctgctaatgcaccacaaacaacaacacata
aaatattacatacaaatgatatccatggccgactagccgaagaaaaagggcgtgtcataggtatggctaa
attaaaaacagtaaaagaacaagaaaagcctgatttaattttagacgcaggagacgctttccaaggttta
ccactttcaaaccagtctaaaggtgaagaaatggctaaagcgatgaatgcagtaggttatgatgctatgg
cagtgggtaaccacgaatttgactttggatacgaccagttgaaaaagttagagggtatgttagacttccc
gatgttaagtactaacgtttataaagatggaaaacgcgcatttaagccttcaacgattgtaacgaaaaat
ggtattcgttatggaattattggcgtaacgacaccagaaacaaagacgaaaacaagacctgaaggcatta
aaggtgttgaatttagagatccattacaaagtgtgacagcggaaatgatgcgtatttataaagacgtaga
tacatttgttgttatatcacatttaggtattgatccttcaacacaagaaacatggcgtggcgattactta
gtgaaacaattaagtcaaaatccacaattgaagaaacgtattacagtcattgatggtcattcacataccg
tacttcaaaatggtcaaatttataacaatgatgcattagcacaaacaggtacagcacttgcgaatatcgg
taaggttacatttaattaccgcaatggagaggtatcaaatattaaaccgtcattgattaatgttaaagac
gttgaaaatgtaacaccgaacaaagcattagctgaacaaattaatcaagctgatcaaacatttagagcac
aaactgcagaggtaattattccaaacaataccattgatttcaaaggagaaagagatgacgttagaacgcg
tgaaacaaatttaggaaacgcgattacagatgctatggaagcatatggcgttaagaatttctctaaaaag
actgactttgccgtgacaaatggtggaggtattcgcgcctctatcgccaaaggtaaggtgacacgctatg
atttaatctcagtattaccatttggaaatacgattgcgcaaattgatgtaaaaggttcagacgtctggac
tgctttcgaacatagtttaggcgcaccaacaacacaaaaagatggtaagacagtgttaacagcgaatggt
ggtttactacatatctctgattcaatccgtgtttactatgatatgaataaaccatctggcaaacgaatta
acgctattcaaattttaaataaagagacaggtaagtttgaaaatattgatttaaaacgtgtatatcacgt
aacgatgaatgacttcacagcatcaggtggcgacggatatagtatgttcggtggccctagagaagaaggt
atttcattagatcaagtactagcaagttatttaaaaacagctaacttagctaagtatgatacgacagaac
cacaacgtatgttattaggtaaaccagcagtaagtgaacaaccagctaaaggacaacaaggtagcaaagg
tagtgagtctggtaaagatacacaaccaattggtaaagacaaagtgatgaatccagcgaaacaaccagcg
acaggtaaagttgtgttgttaccaacgcatagaggaactgttagtagcggtgcagaaggttctgattgcg
cattagaaggaactgctgtatcaagtaagagtgggaaacaattgactaaaatgtcagcgtctaaaggtag
cgggcatgagaaacagttaccaaaaactggaactaatcaaagttcaagcccagcagcgatatttgtatta
gtagcaggtataggtttaatcgcaactgtacgacgtagaaaagctagctaa
>Potential gene 41:43138..43701, 564 bp
atgaaaatcaccattttagctgtagggaaactaaaagagaaatattggaagcaagccatagcagaatatg
aaaaacgtttaggcccatacaccaagatagacatcatagaagttccagacgaaaaagcaccagaaaatat
gagcgacaaagaaattgagcaagtaaaagaaaaagaaggccaacgaatactagccaaaatcaaaccacaa
tcaacagtcattacattagaaatacaaggaaagatgctatcttccgaaggattggcccaagaattgaacc
aacgcatgacccaagggcaaagcgactttgtattcgtcattggcggatcaaacggcctgcacaaggacgt
cttacaacgtagtaactacgcactatcattcagcaaaatgacattcccacatcaaatgatgcgggttgtg
ttaattgagcaagtgtatagagcatttaagattatgcgtggagaagcatatcataaatgatgcggttttt
tcagccgcttcataaagggattttgaatgtatcagaacatatgaggtttatgtgaattgctgttatgttt
ttaa
>Potential gene 42:43707..43889, 183 bp
atgtacttatttatattttaccgtaatttactatatttagttgcagaaagaattttctcaaagctagaac
tttgcttcactataagtattcagtataaagaatatttcgctattatttacttgaaatgaaagactgcgga
ggctaactatgtcaaaaatcatgaacctcattacttatgataa
>Potential gene 43:43900..45219, 1320 bp
atgagacataatatattttataataggagggaatttcaaatgatagacaactttatgcaggtccttaaat
taattaaagagaaacgtaccaataatgtagttaaaaaatctgattgggataaaggtgatctatataaaac
tttagtccatgataagttacccaagcagttaaaagtgcatataaaagaagataaatattcagttgtaggg
aaggttgctactgggaactatagtaaagttccttggatttcaatatatgatgagaatataacaaaagaaa
caaaggatggatattatttggtatatctttttcatccggaaggagaaggcatatacttatctttgaatca
aggatggtcaaagataagtgatatgtttccgcgggataaaaatgctgcaaaacaaagagcattaacttta
tcttccgaactcaataaatatattacatcaaatgaatttaatactggaagattttattacgcagaaaata
aagattcatcttatgatttaaaaaatgattatccatcaggatattctcatggatcaataagattcaaata
ttatgatttgaatgaaggattcacagaagaagatatgctagaggatttaaagaaatttttagaactattt
aatgaattagcttcaaaagttacaaaaacatcctatgatagcttggtcaatagcatagacgaaatacagg
aagacagcgaaattgaagaaattagaacagcacaaaaagataagacactcaaggaagtggaagcacctaa
aggaataattccaaaatataaaaaaggtgtatcaaagactactaaaaatgattcagaaattgaaaaatca
aataaagagaataaattaaccggtaaagttggagaaaaattagcgctaaattactttaatgagctaattg
ataataaaatagacgaagataagaaagaacagtttaggaatattttaaatgataatccaggctctcaaca
cggtcatggctatgatttagtagcttttgatccaacaaatacagataaagctgtagaaaaatttattgaa
attaaaacatctacatcttctagtattgaggaaccattttttatgtcgctaaatgaaatgtttgctatga
aagaatataagcagaaatatttaatattaagaatatttaatgtttccggtaaagaaccacaattttattt
tatagatccatatgcaaattattctgaatttaaagatgtagatgatctcattgacaaagtatttaatgta
gaagctattcagtataaagtttttggcgaaaaatgattacttgaacaagagctaaaataa
>Potential gene 44:45610..45849, 240 bp
atgagtgataatttgtcattattcattgactatatcaatgataatataatctatggtagtgaaatcaaac
gggagaaattagagaatttatttaatcaatttgctataaaaaatgttgaaaagaacattgtctatgatga
actgaaatctttagatattacaatcattgagtcacaggattcatataaaaataaattgaagagattattt
tcggttctgttgcaaagtaaaaaaatatag
>Potential gene 45:45881..46555, 675 bp
atgaactatttcagatataaacaatttaacaaggatgttatcactgtagccgttggctactatctaagat
atacattgagttatcgtgatatatctgaaatattaagggaacgtggtgtaaacgttcatcattcaacggt
ctaccgttgggttcaagaatatgccccaattttgtatcaaatttggaagaaaaagcataaaaaagcttat
tacaaatggcgtattgatgagacgtacatcaaaataaaaggaaaatggagctatttatatcgtgccattg
atgcagagggacatacattagatatttggttgcgtaagcaacgagataatcattcagcatatgcgtttat
caaacgtctcattaaacaatttggtaaacctcaaaaggtaattacagatcaggcaccttcaacgaaggta
gcaatggctaaagtaattaaagcttttaaacttaaacctgactgtcattgtacatcgaaatatctgaata
acctcattgagcaagatcaccgtcatattaaagtaagaaagacaaggtatcaaagtatcaatacagcaaa
gaatactttaaaaggtattgaatgtatttacgctctatataaaaagaaccgcaggtctcttcagatctac
ggattttcgccatgccacgaaattagcatcatgctagcaagttaa
>Potential gene 46:46813..46980, 168 bp
atgctagaatctagagagcaattatcagtcgaagaatacgaaacattctttaacagatttgataatcaag
aatttgatttcgaacgtgaattgacacaagatccatattcaaaagtatacttatacagtatagaagacca
tatcagaacatataagatagagaaataa
>Potential gene 47:47078..47308, 231 bp
atgcttatttttttatcttacgattttgtacgtgcatgcttgcctaggggtatggctcgagccattagtc
tctcgcacatactattccctcaggcgtcagcacttacaaaatcggttgtaattttcatttttatacgcat
tcttactgagattatactaataagaggaatagtaaaagcaattctaagtaaaattgcagataagaggttt
gttaaaagcagttctaagtaa
>Potential gene 48:47857..48600, 744 bp
atgctaactgtatatggacatagaggattacctagtaaagctccggaaaatacaattgcatcatttaaag
ctgcttcagaagtagaaggtataaactggttggagttagatgttgcaattacaaaagatgaacaactgat
tatcattcatgatgattatttagaacggactacaaatatgtccggggaaataactgaattgaattatgat
gaaattaaagatgcttctgcaggatcttggtttggtgaaaaattcaaagatgaacatttgccaactttcg
atgatgtagtaaaaatagcaaatgaatataatatgaatttaaatgtagaattaaaaggtattactggacc
gaatggactagcactttctaaaagtatggttaagcaagtggaagaacaattaacaaacttaaatcagaat
caagaagtgctcatttcaagctttaatgttgtgcttgttaaacttgcagaagaaatcatgccacaatata
acagagcagttatattccatacaacttcgtttcgtgaagactggagaacacttttagattactgtaatgc
taaaatagtaaacactgaagatgccaaacttactaaagcaaaagtaaaaatggtaaaagaagcgggttat
gaattgaacgtatggactgtaaacaaaccagcacgtgcaaaccaacttgctaattggggagttgatggta
tctttacagacaatgcagataaaatggtgcatttgtctcaatag
>Potential gene 49:48669..49178, 510 bp
atgaataacaaaacagtgaagcaatccgtaacgatggttgcttcactgttttattatgaattattaataa
gtgctgttacttctcccttaaatacaatttcttcattttcattgtatgttgaaagtgacactgtaacgag
tccattttctttttttatggatttcttatttgtaatttcagcgataacgtacaatgtattacctgggtat
acaggtttaataaatttaacgttattcatttgtgttcctgctacaacttcttctccgtatttaccttctt
ctacccataatttaaatgatattgaaagtgtatgcatgccagatgcaatgatacctttaaatctactttg
ttctgctttttctttatctatatgcatatattgaggatcaaaagttgttgcaaattggataatttcttct
tctgtaatatgaaggctttttgttttgaatgtttctcctactataaaatcatcgtatttcatatatgtct
ctctttcttattcaaattaa
>Potential gene 50:48697..49125, 429 bp
atgaaatacgatgattttatagtaggagaaacattcaaaacaaaaagccttcatattacagaagaagaaa
ttatccaatttgcaacaacttttgatcctcaatatatgcatatagataaagaaaaagcagaacaaagtag
atttaaaggtatcattgcatctggcatgcatacactttcaatatcatttaaattatgggtagaagaaggt
aaatacggagaagaagttgtagcaggaacacaaatgaataacgttaaatttattaaacctgtatacccag
gtaatacattgtacgttatcgctgaaattacaaataagaaatccataaaaaaagaaaatggactcgttac
agtgtcactttcaacatacaatgaaaatgaagaaattgtatttaagggagaagtaacagcacttattaat
aattcataa
>Potential gene 51:49171..51177, 2007 bp
atgaaaaagataaaaattgttccacttattttaatagttgtagttgtcgggtttggtatatatttttatg
cttcaaaagataaagaaattaataatactattgatgcaattgaagataaaaatttcaaacaagtttataa
agatagcagttatatttctaaaagcgataatggtgaagtagaaatgactgaacgtccgataaaaatatat
aatagtttaggcgttaaagatataaacattcaggatcgtaaaataaaaaaagtatctaaaaataaaaaac
gagtagatgctcaatataaaattaaaacaaactacggtaacattgatcgcaacgttcaatttaattttgt
taaagaagatggtatgtggaagttagattgggatcatagcgtcattattccaggaatgcagaaagaccaa
agcatacatattgaaaatttaaaatcagaacgtggtaaaattttagaccgaaacaatgtggaattggcca
atacaggaacagcatatgagataggcatcgttccaaagaatgtatctaaaaaagattataaagcaatcgc
taaagaactaagtatttctgaagactatatcaaacaacaaatggatcaaaattgggtacaagatgatacc
ttcgttccacttaaaaccgttaaaaaaatggatgaatatttaagtgatttcgcaaaaaaatttcatctta
caactaatgaaacagaaagtcgtaactatcctctagaaaaagcgacttcacatctattaggttatgttgg
tcccattaactctgaagaattaaaacaaaaagaatataaaggctataaagatgatgcagttattggtaaa
aagggactcgaaaaactttacgataaaaagctccaacatgaagatggctatcgtgtcacaatcgttgacg
ataatagcaatacaatcgcacatacattaatagagaaaaagaaaaaagatggcaaagatattcaactaac
tattgatgctaaagttcaaaagagtatttataacaacatgaaaaatgattatggctcaggtactgctatc
caccctcaaacaggtgaattattagcacttgtaagcacaccttcatatgacgtctatccatttatgtatg
gcatgagtaacgaagaatataataaattaaccgaagataaaaaagaacctctgctcaacaagttccagat
tacaacttcaccaggttcaactcaaaaaatattaacagcaatgattgggttaaataacaaaacattagac
gataaaacaagttataaaatcgatggtaaaggttggcaaaaagataaatcttggggtggttacaacgtta
caagatatgaagtggtaaatggtaatatcgacttaaaacaagcaatagaatcatcagataacattttctt
tgctagagtagcactcgaattaggcagtaagaaatttgaaaaaggcatgaaaaaactaggtgttggtgaa
gatataccaagtgattatccattttataatgctcaaatttcaaacaaaaatttagataatgaaatattat
tagctgattcaggttacggacaaggtgaaatactgattaacccagtacagatcctttcaatctatagcgc
attagaaaataatggcaatattaacgcacctcacttattaaaagacacgaaaaacaaagtttggaagaaa
aatattatttccaaagaaaatatcaatctattaactgatggtatgcaacaagtcgtaaataaaacacata
aagaagatatttatagatcttatgcaaacttaattggcaaatccggtactgcagaactcaaaatgaaaca
aggagaaactggcagacaaattgggtggtttatatcatatgataaagataatccaaacatgatgatggct
attaatgttaaagatgtacaagataaaggaatggctagctacaatgccaaaatctcaggtaaagtgtatg
atgagctatatgagaacggtaataaaaaatacgatatagatgaataa
>Potential gene 52:51295..52272, 978 bp
atgttaagtataatcagttcattgctcacgatatgtgtaatttttttagtgagaatgctctatataaaat
atactcaaaatattatgtcacataagatttggttattagtgctcgtctccacgttaattccattaatacc
attttacaaaatatcgaattttacattttcaaaagatatgatgaatcgaaatgtatctgacacgacttct
tcggttagtcatatgttagatggtcaacaatcatctgttacgaaagacttagcaattaatgttaatcagt
ttgagacctcaaatataacgtatatgattcttttgatatgggtatttggtagtttgttgtgcttatttta
tatgattaaggcattccgacaaattgatgttattaaaagttcgtcattggaatcgtcatatcttaatgaa
cgacttaaagtatgtcaaagtaagatgcagttctacaaaaagcatataacaattagttatagttcaaaca
ttgataatccgatggtatttggtttagtgaaatcccaaattgtactaccaactgtcgtagtcgaaaccat
gaatgacaaagaaattgaatatattattctacatgaactatcacatgtgaaaagtcatgacttaatattc
aaccagctttatgttgtttttaaaatgatattctggtttaatcctgcactatatataagtaaaacaatga
tggacaatgactgtgaaaaagtatgtgatagaaacgttttaaaaattttgaatcgccatgaacatatacg
ttatggtgaatcgatattaaaatgctctattttaaaatctcagcacataaataatgtggcagcacaatat
ttactaggttttaattcaaatattaaagaacgtgttaagtatattgcactttatgattcaatgcctaaac
ctaatcgaaacaagcgtattgttgcgtatattgtatgtagtatatcgagcttcacatgaaacagctaa
>Potential gene 53:52420..54009, 1590 bp
atgatgttaaaagtgattctatatgcctacacacaatctgtattctcaggtcgtaaaatagaaaaaatgc
ttaatgatagcatccgaatgatgtggctatcacaaaatcaaaaaccttcttataaaacaattaatcaatt
tagagtaaatccaaaagtagatgctttattagaatctttatttattcaattttacagtcagtgtgtaaaa
caaaatcttatagatgataaagctatttttattgatggtacaaaaattgaagcaaatgccaatcgatata
catttgtatggaaaaagagtattcaaaaccatgaatcaaagatgaatgaggattctaaagccctctacca
tgaattggtaaccaataaaatcataccggaaattaaagaagatcatgataatgaattaacaaaagaagaa
atagatttgattggtagtcacttagataaagaaatcgaagatttaaaccaacatatcaacaatgaaaaat
gtactaaaacaagaaaacaaatacgtctcaaaagaactaaaatcaaaaaatacaaaaagcaaatcaatga
ttattttgagcgaaagtatcgatacgaatttcaaaaatctattttaaaggatagaaatagttattctaag
acagattatgatgcgacatttatgagaatgaaagaagatcacatgaaaaatggacaacttaagccagggt
ataatttacaaatagcaacaaattcccaatttgttttatcttataatgtgtatcaaaatccaacggatac
tagaacgatgattccatttttaaattcaattcaagagacctacggtcatttacctgaatatattgtagct
gatgcaggttatggtagtgaatcaaattataaggcaattatagatgactttaatcgaacgccactcataa
catatggaatgtttataaaagataaaactaaaaaatataaaagtgacatctttaatactcaaaattggaa
ctatgacgaaattaatgacgaattcatttgtccgaataataaacggctaggttttaaaagatatgcctat
cgtcatgataagtatggttataagcgagacttcaaattatatgaatgtgatgattgttcagaatgtcctc
tgaaaaatcaatgtatgaacttcaattcaaaaacaaacaaaaaaataatgaagaattataactgggaata
ttttaaatcccaaattaacaaaaagctttcagaaccagaaacaaaaaatatctacagtcaaagaaaaatt
gatgtggaacctgtttttggatttatgaaggctattttgggtttcactcggatgtctgtccgaggactca
ataaagtcaaaagagaacttggttttgtattaatggcacttaatataagaaaagtagtagctcaacgagc
tgaaaataatcaaaaaatttataaaaaagacaatttctatattatttcaatagaaattgtcttttttcac
ttatccaagaactttatgtcccggactcattatgatttatttttttattgctgacttgccattaattctg
cttgctctacaacttgttccacagccattttttgaagatctggtggatag
>Potential gene 54:54145..54654, 510 bp
atgatgaatacaatcaaaagtacgatacacacagaagccatatttagcgatgatgaacagcaccgctatt
tactcaagaaaacatgggatgaaaagaaagctgcatgcacagtgataacgatgtatcctcatttagacgg
tgtattatcactcgatctcacaactgttcttatcctcaaccaattagccaattcagaacgatacggtgct
gtatatcttgtaaatctattctctaatattaaaactccagagaatcttaaacatatcaaagagccatacg
atgagcacacagatattcatttgatgaaagcgattagtgaaagtgacacagtgattcttgcttatggtgc
ctatgcgaagcgaccagttgttatcgaccgtgtcgaacaagtgatggaaatgttaaaacctcataaaaag
aaagtaaaaaagctcatcaatccagtaacaaatgaaattatgcatccactcaaccctaaggcacgtcaaa
aatggattttgaaatcatag
>Potential gene 55:54666..54977, 312 bp
atgaaaatcaatcgatacatcacaagaggaattaatgaaagtattccactagaccttcaaatcttacttt
ggcacatggtagaaaaaaaagataaccagcctcatacagattacctacacatttttaaattacaagaaga
tgagaatatactctcaatcacacatgaacaagaacaacccacatacaaattggaatatcactatacaaac
tatgaaaaaaatcaaaatgcattacctaagaaagtctacgtcattcgtgaagatgacgtggacgcttttt
attatgtgatgcttttaccagaagaatactaa
>Potential gene 56:55064..55528, 465 bp
atggaattttctcttattcccaccgggattcgtaataaatgacaaatcaaatatatattatctcaatgat
gtatatgaactacatcactattacactatctaggaggcaataatatgaaaaccatcactcaagaactcaa
acaatatataacccacctattccaactatctaataacgaagcttgggaatgtgaagcgctggaggaagca
gcagaaaatattctaccggaacgttttattaatgattctccactggtacatctcacactcgagacttata
cctactataatgatgaactacatgagctaagtatctatccatttctaatgtatgccaataaccaactcat
cagtgtcggatacttagaccattttgacatggactttctgtaccttacagatactcaaaatatcattatt
gatgaacgtcatttactaaaacaaggaggtcaggaccatgaataa
>Potential gene 57:55936..57585, 1650 bp
atgaagaaaggatgtaacataatgcaacaacttaaaacaaaacgtgtcggtatctatgtacgtgtatcaa
cagaaatgcaaagcacagaaggttatagtatcgacggacaaatcaatcaaatcaaagaatactgtgactt
ccatcattttgaagttaaagatatatacgctgaccgtggtatttcaggtaaatctatgaacagacctgag
ctccaacgtatgttgaaagatgcaaaagaaggcaatatcgactgtgttatggtatacaaaacaaaccgat
tagctcgtaatacatctgatcttctcaaaattgtcgaagatttacacaaacaaaatgtcgaatttttcag
tttgtcagagcgtatggaagtcaatacttcttctggtaaactcatgttacagatacttgcgagtttctca
gaattcgaacgtaataacattgtcgagaacgtatttatgggtcaaacgagacgtgcccaagaaggctatt
atcaaggcaatttaccactaggttatgacaaaataccagatagtaaacacgagctaatgattaaccaaca
tgaagctaatattgtaaaatatatattcgagtgctatgccaaaggacatggctatcgtaaaattgccaat
gcattgaatcacaaaggatatgtcactaaaaaggggaaacctttcagtattagttcaatcacatacatct
tagctaaccctttctatatcggcaaaattcaatttgcgaaatacaaagattggagtgaaaaacgtcgtaa
agggctgaatgataaaccagtgatagctgaaggtaagcattcccccattattaatcaagatttatgggat
aaagtacaaatgcgtaagaaacaagtcagtcaaaaaccccaagtccatggcaaaggaacgaatctgctta
caggcattattcactgtccccaatgtggcgcacctatggcagcaagcaataccacgaatactcttaaaga
cgggactaagaaacgtattcgttactattcatgtagtaattttcggaacaagggttccaaagtatgttcg
gcaaacagtgtaagagctgatgtgattgaagattatgtgatgaagcaaatacttgaaatagtcaaaagtg
ataaagtcattcaacgcgtagtaacacacgtcaatcaagaaaatcaagttgatggcgctgcacttcatca
cgatattgcttataagcaacaacaatatgatgaagtacaaatcaaaataaataacttgattaaaaccatc
gaggataatccggacttaacatcagtaatcagaccaagtattcaaaaatatgaaaagcaactcaatgaca
ttacgaatcaaatcaaccaactcaaaaatcaacaaaatgaagataagactttatttgatgccaaagaaat
cagtaaactattacaacacatctttcatgatattaaacacatagaaaaatctcgactcaaagcattgtat
ctatcagtgattgatcgcattgatattaaaaaagatggtaatcataaaaaacaattctatgtcacactca
aacttaataacgaaatcattaaacaacttttcaataataaacaactcgacgaagtgcatctcagcacttc
gtctttatttttgccccaaacactatatcttactatttag
>Potential gene 58:57586..58935, 1350 bp
atgaaacaagtcataggctatttacgtcaaagtacgatgaaacaacaatctcttgcagcacagaaacaag
ctatcgaagcaatagccgaaaaacatcatattcaacatatcaacttttatagcgacaaacaatcaggtcg
caaagataatcgtagtgggtatcgacaaataacacaattaattcaacaaggacagtgtgacatattatgc
tgttatcgtcttaataggttgcatcgtaatctgaaaaatgcattaaaactcatcaaattatgtcaaacgt
accatgttcatatcttaagcgtacatgatggttactttgatatggatcaagctttcgaccgactcaagct
taatatcttcatcagtttagccgaacttgaatcggataacattggagaacaagtcagaaatgggcttcaa
gaaaaagcaaagcaaggtcgattgattacaacacatgcaccttttggttacgattatcaccacggaacat
tcatcatcaatcaaaatgagtcaccaacggtaaaggctgtattcaattattacattaaaggccatggtta
taagaaaattgcacagttattagaagaagataacacgtatatcaatcgacaaccctatcaagttcgtaac
attatcatcaatcctaattattgtggtcgtgtcaacaatcaatatggccaattcgacaatatgtttcctt
ctattgtttccacaagtatatatgagcaagcgcagagacttcgatcgcaaaaacaaaccaaacagacatc
ttcggataatcaactcaaacaaaaaatcaaatgcccatgttgtaatgcaacacttacaaatatgaccatt
agaaaaaagaatcatacattacgttactacgtctgtcctaaaaacatgaatgcttcacgctttgtctgtg
attttaaaggcatcaatgcacaaacacttgaagataaagtattagaagtgtgccgagacttttatcaaaa
tcaacgcatctacacaaaaattaaaagtgcgattgacaaacgcatcaaaagacaaagaaacatagaaaaa
catcacacattgactcaagaacaactgatagaaaagttggcacaaggcatcattgatgcagaaacgttca
gagagcaaacacaatcattacgtcaacaaccgcaacgcactacatctatcaatgggcatcaaatacaaca
catcattcaaaatattattcaaaaacgtttcacgttaaacatattgtacccctatattgaaaccattcac
attacgaaagataaaaatcttataggaatctatttcaaaaatgaaccactcaatattgtcaatcaaacca
tgcaatcatcgattgcataa
>Potential gene 59:59169..60962, 1794 bp
atgactcaaactaacccttcatttaatccttcaccacgatacaaatcaaaaaaaggttggtataaagaca
agcctcccaaagaaaaaggaggaatgcctactgaagttgaaatcgcaggtcctatcgttatcgaaaataa
gtttattgaccctaaaactaacactgaaaaagtaattattacagacgaggatcaaaaagaaattgttgaa
tctagtgatattttaacaacacaaaaactgccatctttaatgaagtatggatttagtattaatgaaaaat
atacaaaagatttaggttatgcgttgcaacaaatgcgcaatcaattacccatttcctacttatatgaagg
ggtaggtatactggaaacaccgtttggtcctattgtatcgttaagtgaaatctatactactaaagaattt
gataataaatctccatctgacgccatttgtgataatgcttatgacttaactcctaaaggtacatttgata
attggtttaacatgtatctaaaagaggttaaaggttctcttcttttagaattagcagtcgtatttggtat
ttctgccttagtgacgagtttcctgaagcacaaacatgaaaccgaatttgccggaatcatttttagtttt
acaggtcaatcctcaaccggtaagtcaactgcagcttctttagctgtatcagtcgctggtaaccctacca
aaggtaatgaaactctctttagaaattggaatgccacacgtaatgcacttgaaggttacttgagtaacaa
ttttggtatacctattgtatttgatgaactctcatcagcaacttttagagatacaacggggttattgtac
tccatcactgaaggtcaaggtcgtcaacgttcaaacgttcatggagaagttaaaacgcctaagaattggg
gtacttctgtcatttcaacgtcagaacacagtatttttaatgattcagctcaaaacgatggattacgtgt
aagaaccatcgagattaatgaacaattcactacaaatgcgaccaatgctgacaatattaaaaaagctgta
gcactaaactatggtcatgttttaccgttagtagctaaatatcttataaatcgtgaagatgaagttattc
aatggttttacaaggaagtagattggtttgaagctaaattgaaagatgataaaagcaacacaggcaatcg
tatgtttaagcgttatgcagtcattacaacatctgcaaaaatattaggtcgtgttttagctacagatatt
gatatcgctaaaataagagactactttattgattatcatggtcatacaatctctgaacgctcattagctg
ataaagctatcgatgtcatcattcaatttgtagcacaaaacagaggtaagttttcagatgaaggtgcttt
gaaaaatatgtttgagaactatggattaatctcattaaaagatgaccatatcgaagtaaaaataattgcg
aacgtttttaaacagatactaaacaatcatcaatttcaagatgttaataatgttgtcaacgccttaagag
ataaaggtttcatattagctgaccgtggacgccaaacaactaaaagaagtgtcaaagataatagcggtaa
aaaacaatcacttgtattttaccatctaaaattagatgtagagtttgcatctatcctcggattaactaaa
gataagtcgttacttcaaaattggacaccgtcaaatgataacaaagctgcgaaagaactttttaaatccg
ctaatgaagggataggcccttcaggagttcacgaagatttctaa
>Potential gene 60:60962..61258, 297 bp
atgacttacaatcaaaaagatgattttaaagagttgaaaagaagaattttaggaattgtgttcgatttac
ctgaggggcaaacgtttacatttcatgatctgaacagtcgtgcaaatgtacaatgctcaaaagctgtaca
acaaaatgtcggacgttggttcgcgtactttgtaaaacatgcgccacgtattccatttgttattattggt
aaaaatactcatggacacttggtttatcttaaaacagggccaaatccatataataacagcaacccttcga
aaggaggtgttcgctaa
>Potential gene 61:61655..63013, 1359 bp
atgggtgaatttataaaggtatcagaattagatcagtcgagctattacgaatggtttatgtttgttgaag
aaactagaagaatatttagaggtacagaaatagtttatcgatttttaaaatatctatttacgcataccta
tgaacataaaaacgaagaacaaaaaatagaaaaatatatgaagaatattatcatagataatcattttaga
ggggggcatagtaatgatatagttcgtttagatatgaaagatgataatgtgttattttataattttgata
tatacgatacaaatattctttatgaaaaaatagacgaggaaaaattacttagaattttagatgaaataag
taatactgacaattacaaagcgctatttaacattgtaagtgagaaccaaaagaaattttggaaatcaaat
attaagccaatagtaagtgaatgtttagaagatataaatacgataccatttgatttatatgtttatgtaa
ataagtatataagtaataaaatatttaactgtgataattatttaattactaaaaatgaggttgtggattt
ttattttaatcatggtagtgactttaataatttcaagatgggacagaaatggacaaagtctaaatttaag
caggaaaataaacttaaaatacacgaatatattattgcagtaacttatgtgaatttattaaatcattcat
atatgaaatatatcaatgctgaaaattactatgaccctagcaaaaaaataacaaaaggaatgaaaaataa
ttatcataaatttacagattcattcagtgattttgtagaaatggtggacgatataacatggagaatccgt
gattcatttgattatattggaggattaaaaaacaaagaatttaacgaagatgagaatgaatatatcgaac
aattaattcaatttgttatattatctaaattcggctatatgaatgtagaaaatcactttgattatattga
gaacttaaatacgcttaataatgaattaacgactatattaaaaagtgagttcgcgcacatttcaaatgat
atgtataataatttattcagtaatttgtttgatgttgtaaatacatggaaaaaggattattcaaataact
tttataataatactcagaatactataactacagaaaagttagacataatatctcgatttataaaacaata
tgataaaccagttgaccgagacaaacatggtaaacgagttaaagcagaagtgtttgaaggtataagtgat
tttcataggcgtgtaaaagaaggatttgataataatgatgtgctattacaattaagattagaaatgagcg
tacatgaaaatgataaatttactagttaa
>Potential gene 62:63085..64047, 963 bp
atggacttaaaaaaatttgaagaactatataaagattataatgatgatgatgtaatagaacaatttgcca
tatataaaataaaagatgaaaagcaagtaatggaaattactgataaaaagctaaccagtgaagataaaca
agtttttcagagaatagctaatttaagttatcaatttaatgtagtaaaggaaatgtatgattactatctt
tatgattttcaagtaattactgattatatcaaagataaaagaaacctaaataataagtttaaatctgttg
actttgtcaacctatattttttacatttcttatctactgcaaggactttttatcaatatactgaaaattt
atttaagtctataggtaagaaagaatttgagaaatggaaaaataatatatcaaatatttatgataataat
ttttcttatagattatgttatcaaatgaggaattttacacagcatcatggtttggcaattacgaatatta
aagagaaattaaatttagattctaatggtaaagaaataaatgactatcaattgttcattgatccatctat
attactaaatactaactataattggaagaattcaattaagagcgatttagaaaatcataatggattaatt
gatttttatcaattaataatagattatgacaagtgtataaaagatatacttttgtattcatatatagggt
taatagataagtatagcactgaattaaaccaattaatgacaaaagctatggcaatagaaggagaggcagg
tataccttttttaagaaaagctaaaaagaaagaacttagagaatattataaaaatattgaatttacggaa
ttacaaggaagtaaagcaataaatgatatatttaatatgatgtgtgatttatatactcaactcaatacat
ctaaaatttgtttcaatagatgaatatatttaaactgagtaaaagatgaatag
>Potential gene 63:65289..65786, 498 bp
atgtctttatttgatagactaagtgttctaaaaaataaatcagaaataaaacttatagaaagtaagcaag
tagttgaagataaagtatttgaaatacgacatggtaaattagatgatataccaatgactaaagaaagaaa
gcgttcagaaaaaacgaggaaaaaacttgaaaaacatgaatcaaaggtaaaagaaaaagaaaaaagaaag
caacaaagagaagaagaaatagaaaaaaggagaatagcaaaagaagagcaagaaaagcgtgatgtttgga
ttaaagagaatgtatttaaaattatagtaaatgaggaaggtaaacgaataattttttgtcctaaatgtgg
tagtgagaataatgtaactgctactacttggaacgtagatgaagctgaaaatagtgaggatattggaaca
tattttaagagaacttgtaatttatgcggacattctcaaaaatttaataaagataaccctaaaaaaattt
atgaatag
>Potential gene 64:65982..67280, 1299 bp
atggacaatcacataagaatttttgataatttatttcaaagtaatatttcaaaattccaaaaccttacta
gtaaatcatacattataagaaatgataatgaaaagaatagttatcttcctatggttcaagagataagaga
gttgtttggaaaagagggagaaattttttctaaaagtataggaacacatcctgacttttttggaatagaa
aatactaatgaataccagtacatttgttccctgtttgtagatatatctgggtctacaaagctagctttga
aatatagtttggataaagttaaactttataaaaatgcgataatttctagtgctatagaaatatttcgtgc
atttgacggtcatattcatagaatacaaggagatgcggtgcttgtttattttggacataaagaactggaa
aaaagtgatgcaataattaatgcaatcaacgctgcgtcattaatgcagtattttaacgccacaacattaa
aaaagttttttgaaagtgaaaatttagagccgttaaagattagaataggaattgattttggtgatgattc
tagtgtattgtggtcaaaatatggaattgatggaattaatgaaataacttctaccagtatacatactgac
ttagcatcaaaattccaaaacaaagccccttcaaataagattatgattggagaaaatataaataaatatc
ttgatattcctaaaaagtttagaagtataaaaattgagaagaacaatggtgttgatgttgagaaaagata
tattttaaatacaaataatctgggaagatattctatggaagtgtttgaatgggaaaaatacttgaatagt
ttttcaatgttgcctcctttttctacagaaaatgaacaattttactcacctagagatttgaaaataagat
gttggattattgatgaaaaaaatcaggataaatatgaatatattgaaagaggtagtgctttaaaaaaaga
aatgaatttgttatttaaattagaaatttataatcaatgtctagaatttaaaaatattaaatggagagtg
gtaaactacggagaggaggcaaaaaaggacaaggaattagaatttgaaatgaatcagtatgaagggtatc
agtattgtaatcaaaagacagcttatacaggattacattttatggaatgttatttgtacgacatcaatga
taaaataatttgtcatgatagttttggtctttttataaatgataataatagagaagtgagaaaattagga
atagaggattgagtaatgtgaaaaaagatgagtacataa
>Potential gene 65:67774..69297, 1524 bp
atggcaacaattggatttgaagaaaagttatggcaagcggcggataagttacgtggaagtatggatgcag
cagaatataaaaatgtagcattaggtattatatttttaaaatatgtttctgattcttttgaggaaaagta
tgaagaattattaaatgatgaatatgccgatgaagaagataaagatgaatacttagcagaaaatattttc
tgggttcctaaagaatcaagatggcaatacataaatgataattctaagaaaccagaaattggtcaaatta
tcgataaagcaatgatagcaattgaaagagaaaatgagtctttaaaaggcgtattacctaaagattacgc
aagacctgcattagataaagaaaaattaggcgatattattgacctatttacattcaaagttggagattct
gaaagtaagaagcaagatattttaggtcgtgtttatgaatactttatcgcaaaatttgcaagcgctgagg
gtaagaatgctggggaattctatacaccagcttcaatagttaaattgcttgttgaaatgattgaaccata
tcaaggtagaatttatgacccttgttgtgggtcgggcggaatgtttgtacagagtgaacattttatcgaa
cgtcatcaaggtcgtatagatgatattgctgtttatggtcaagaatctaatccgactacttggaaattag
cgaaaatgaatttggctattcgaggtatagataataatttaggtgatcatcatgcagacacatttcataa
tgatttacataaagatttgaaagctgattttatattggctaatccaccattcaatgcaagtgattgggga
cgagaaaaattacaagatgattaccgctggaaatttggtattccacctaaaggcaatgccaactatgcat
ggattgaacatatgatttctaaacttgccccaagtggtacagcaggatttgttttagcgaatggttcgat
gtctacaagtggtaaagatgaattagaaatacgtaaaaacttaattgaacaagacatggttgagtgtatt
gtcacattaccagggcaactattctattcaactcaaattccagtatgtttgtggttcatgacaaaaaata
aagctaaaaatggcaagaatgaacgacgtggagaagtactatttatagatgctagaaatataggaagcat
ggtatcaagaacattaaaagaattctcagatgatgaaataaaagatatagcaaatgtttatcactcatgg
cgtggaacaaacaataaccaatatgaagataaagcaggtttctgtaaagtagcaaagacagaagaaataa
aaaacaatgaatatatcttaacgccgggacgttatgtaggattagcagaagtagaagaagactcagaacc
atttgaacagaaaatggaaagaatcacagcagatttaagtgaacaatttgcgaaatcaaaagaactcgag
gaccaaatccgtaagtcattggagggattaggttatggagtttgaaacatttaa
>Potential gene 66:69278..70510, 1233 bp
atggagtttgaaacatttaatttaactgatttatatactattagttcaggtttatcaaaaaatagaaaat
attttggtactggtacaccttttttaacatttaaagatgtattcgataatttaatattacctaatgagtt
ttctgggcaagttataactgaagaaaaagaaagagaaaagtattcagttaaaaaaggagaccttttttta
acaagaactagtgagaaacaaaatgagttaggtataagtgcagtagctttaaaagactataaaaatgcga
cttttaatggatttaccaaaagattaagaccaaacaaatattgtgagaataaattgttaccagtatttgc
tgcattttattttagaagtaataattttagaaatcaagtaaattctatgtctatcatgtctacaagagca
agtttaaataacgaaatgatttcaaaacttaaaattactatacctagtcttcaaaatcagatgaaaatta
gtcatatactattagcacttttaaaaaaagaaaaaatcaatcaaaaaatcatagcaaatcttgaagaact
ttctcaaacactattcaaacgttggtttgttgattttgaatttcctgatgaaaatggaaatccatacaaa
tcaagcggtggagagatggttgatagtgaattgggtgaaatacctaggagttggaaagttgatgaattag
gaaattatataaaaataaaaagtggtaaaagacctaaaaataaagttgataaagaagatatagaaaatgt
ggtgccaataattggtgctagtaaaatagtgggttatacgaatgattatttatataatgaaaaaattatt
ataattggtagggtaggaactcatggtgtaatccaaaggttttctacaagaacatggccatcagataata
cttttgtaataacaagtgattttgaaagcattatatatcaagtacttaaaagtatagactatatatcatt
gaatagaggttctacacaacctctattatctcaaaaagatattaagaatactaaagtagtaatgcccacc
aatgcaactttgctttcaaaatatcaaaagaaaaacaatcatattttaaaaatgatggatcaaaaaatca
tagaaaacaagaaattaacccaactccgtgacacattattaccaaaattaatgtcaggtgaaattgagat
acctgatgacatcgaggtgaatgaagatgatctttcaatttag
>Potential gene 67:70473..73622, 3150 bp
atgacatcgaggtgaatgaagatgatctttcaatttagtgaagatgatttagaacaggttgcactgaagt
ggtttgagggtcttggctattctgttaagaatggtcgagatagtagtgacaatgggattatgaatgaacg
ggagagcgacaaagatgttgtgcttgatgatcgtttggaagcagctttgagacgcattaatcctgaacta
aacaatagtgcaattgaacaggcaattcatgaaatttctattgagaagtctcctagtttattagagaata
atcgttctttccatgaaatgattactaatggtatcgaggttgaacactataatgatgatggtgagacgat
taatgatttggtctatgtgcttgactttgataacccaggaaataatgatttcttagcggttaatcaatta
actgttgtaaatggagattataaaaaaagacctgatattgtgttattcataaatggattaccagtagtgg
taattgaactgaaaaattctacaaatgaatctgttggtattgaagacgggtatcatcagttagaaactta
taaaatgagaattccacaattatttaatcataatgcagtattagtaacgagtgatggtgtcaatacaaaa
gctggttctttaactgctgattatgaccgttttatgacttggcgtactaaagatggaaaaactgaagatt
catcaacgtttcgtagtttagatatattgattcacggtatgttaaataaagaggtactattagatttaat
tcgtcattttgttttgttccaagatgatggtaaaggaaatatagttaaaatattagctgcatatcatcaa
tattatgcggttaataaagctgttgatcgtgctatggaagcaacatctgaacatggtgatggtaagggcg
gcgttatttggcacacacaaggttctggtaagagtttgacaatggtcttcttctcaggaaagttaattca
aaaattaaataatccaacattagtggtcgtaacagaccgtaatgacttagacaatcaattatatggtact
tttgttaagtccaaaggacgctcaggtaaaggattactaagacaaacacctaaacaagcagaatcacgaa
aagaattgaaagaactattatctgtagaatcaggtggtattgtatttacaactatgcagaaattcgaacc
tgaagaaggtcaagtgacaatggatgctttaacagaacgtaaaaatgtagtagttatggcagacgaagca
caccgcacacaatatggttttaaagcaacttacaatgaaaaaggtgaaggtataaaatatggttatgcaa
aatatttaagagacgctttacctaacgcttcgttcgttggttttactggaacacctgtatcttcgacaga
taagaatacgcaaatggtatttggtaattatattgatgtatatgatatgacacagtctgtagaagacggt
agtacggttaaaatatactatgaaagtcgtattattccattaaatttaccaactgatttagatattgatg
atgcatatgatgtcattacttttggccaagaagaagatactaaatctcgattgaaatctaaatggtcacg
tatagaagctctatctggtgcagaaaaacgagtacatgctttagcgactgaaattattaatcactttgaa
acaagacagaaggcaatgaacggtaaaggtatgattgtcacaatgagtcgtcgtattgcagttgatttat
atgatgaaattataagacttaaacctgaatggcattctgatgatgacgacaaaggtgtaattaaagtcgt
tatgacaggttcatcaagtgatccgcaaaacttccaaaaacatataggtccgaaaaagagaagaaacctt
ttagagaatcgtatgaaagatattaatgatgaactgcaactcgtaattgtgcgagacatgtggttaacag
gatttgatgtaccttcaatgcatacaatgtacatagataaaccgatgaaaggtcataatttaatgcaagc
tattgcacgtgttaatagagtatttaaagataaaccaggtggcttaattgttgactatgtaggtattgct
gaaagcctgaaggaagcactaaaagagtatacggactctgatagagaacaaacaggtatagatacagata
aagcgctagaactaatgttagtgaaatacgatatcattcaagatatgctatataaccatgactattctga
ctttgagtcagaagatcaattaaatcgctataatgctatctcaaatacgatggattatatcattggatta
ggtgagaaagaaagagagcgatttgtgacaacagttacagaactttctaaggcttttgcattatgtgcaa
cagaggaagctgctcaagaactaaatagtgaaattgcgtttttaaaagcagtaaaatcaggacttgttaa
attattagctccacctaatgaaggaagcaagcttaaaaagacacctgctgaaatagaagcagaaataaat
caattgatttcaaagtcagttgtaactgaagaagttgtagatatttatcaaacactcggaattgaaaatc
cagatatctcaatattgtcggatgatttcttaaaagatgtagaaggactacagcaaaaaaatgttgcagt
tgaattgttgaacaaattactcaaaggacaagttaagtcattaatgaaaactaatactactgtatctaaa
aggttttctgagatgctaagtaaatcaatacaaaaatataataaccgttctatcgaagcatcaaaagtca
tagaagaattaattcaaatggcgaaagaaataaatcaagaaaaagaaagaggaaaagaattaggtttaag
tactgaagaaattgcattttatgacgcattagcttcacatgaaacagcaaaagaagcgatggatgataaa
gaattaagggctattgcacatgaattaacaaaaacggttaagaataatatgagcgtagactggtcaaaac
gtgagagcgcaaaggctaaaatgagagtccaagtaagacgactattaaagaaatatggttatccaccaga
catacaaaaaatggcagtagaacaagtagtggaacaagcagaattaatggcaagtcaacaatataaataa

>Potential gene 68:73735..74481, 747 bp
atgaaattcgacttaattataagtaatattatgatagggatattagtgatttgttctgcatttgccttaa
tgtttgtcttttatattcaaagaaagttaacgccggaacaatacttttctttttcagaattctttttaat
aggaagaggtttaactatcaagaaaattttgaatagaatgatattgattgctagttttaactgtattttg
tttttaatacttaagaatttttttgaaattgaattagtatgtagtgtgtgtatactaagtacattgttgg
gttcgattttaattatttatccggcgtttaaaattaggcatgatttacctaacaatgagatgaaaagttt
gttgaactatatgtatgtatcttttgtttttttagcgcttattatttctactcttactgtatttacttta
gtagtattatttgatgatattagtatagtaacactttggcaagagcataaaagtggaataattttatatc
ttctattggtgatacctagtctattttttaatcctacaaattatgaaaagaaaatggaatatgccattga
aaaacatcgtgagagtaatagagagataaatgagacgataataaaaaataataatgaaacaattatacca
gacgagtcgaaaagttcttcaccattcaaaattaaaaaagtttttagattgttgaataggattatgaaag
atgattgaatattatttgaagaaaattatacatttatttgaaaataa
>Potential gene 69:74348..74902, 555 bp
atgaaacaattataccagacgagtcgaaaagttcttcaccattcaaaattaaaaaagtttttagattgtt
gaataggattatgaaagatgattgaatattatttgaagaaaattatacatttatttgaaaataataaatg
cgaaattttacatttaaaaatgaattttaatgataactttgatatgttaagttatatttattgtattgag
aacatgcatagaggttcaaatattataaagatagcggagtatatattagtaaagtattttcaaaaatatt
gtataaaaaaagacttttctataggtccatttcaagttaaaaaaagtttttgtgtgtctaataatttata
tttagagtcactagataaattattggagttgcacagtagtgctcatgtaattaatgaatttattgaaaat
aaaaaatattatttgaataataatgagattttatccttatatcattcagggaaggttatggatactagct
tttcaactttaatgtatataggattatttaaacatttttctagttatttaagaaaacacgaataa
>Potential gene 70:75165..75722, 558 bp
atgataacaacgattgttttaactttatgtacttttgttagttggttattaattcctcataaaatcacac
gctatatattaggaacattatttactcttgcgttgacactaacaatcattggtattacagctaatatgac
taaccattggggtatggaaaagaaagtaatcacatcaaataaaaaagaaatttttactggtggtcctaaa
aataatccagctaatatattaataatcaatgaaataggaaaaaatacaaataactatgtcatggtctata
gagatcatcctaaggataaaaaacctacaactcatttcaagcctaaaatggataaaaataatatatctga
gtccgttaagcatcaagctaaatatgaagtaaagaatactgataaggcaacacagcaaacccaaaaagaa
gtttgggtttggaaatcagatttatataaatcattactaagcttcgatgaaagtgaaaacgaattaattc
aatcaacaactacagttaccgttccaaaagatacttgggttatcataaatgccaaaaaagacaaatag
>Potential gene 71:75724..77241, 1518 bp
atgtctactcaaaaaagtaatgcaatgaatttagatattcatggcaatcaatataaacccaaaattataa
tgagcattatattattagctacattctctggtgcattgatgcagacttcattaggtaccgctctacctac
tttgatgaacgattttgatatcgattttagtactgctcaacaagcaacaacttggtttttactcgcaaat
ggtattatggtaccactttcggcatttttagcgacgcgcatatctactagattgttacatgtatactctt
acggcgccctattattcggattaattcttactgcaatcgcaccatcaaatcaagatggctggttaatatt
tctagctggacgtattgttacagcaattgctgttggtttaatgatgccattgttacaaatcatcattatt
tatatgtttccaataaaacaacgtggtactgcaatgggtctgagtggtttagcagtaggtctcgcacctg
caatgggtccaacttttgctggttggatattaaacaaaaaccacgaggtactaggtattacaatttcaga
ctcatggcgtaatatttttgttcttccaatcattattatagcgatagcatttatattaagcttcttcttc
atgaaagatgttatacctaatcgtaaacttaaattagatctctattctctaatactttcttgtatcggtt
tcggattatttttatggggattttcaaacgttgcaagcgaaggatggggaaatataaattacgttatttt
accaatttttttaagtatcattgttcttaccttgttcgttatcaaacaattaaaatctaaagatcctttc
ttggatttacgcgtttttaaatctaaaggtttcatgatagcgacaattggtttaatcgttgtaactatgg
caatgtatggtgttgaaatgatgttacccacttacttacagaatatacacggtttctcaccatttgaatc
tggtttaacacttttagctggagcactgatgttgggatttatctctccaatttcaggaatactgtacaat
aaaattggcattaaaagattagcgttcgttggtttcactattttaactttagcttcagttccatttggat
ttttaacagttaacacatcaccaacacttattcttgttctatatgcagtaagaatgtttggtgtggcaat
tttaatgatgccactcacaacaaatgcgatggatgctttaccagttgaaaaaggcacacatgctacagca
gtaaataatactgctagacaagtagcatcatctatagcagtagcattactgacatctgttactcaaaata
ttattaacaaccatatgcctgcagatagtttaaaagaaagcaatccactcaaatatgcacaccttgctca
acaagcatcaatcgatggctttaatactgcatttataattggcattttctttgcaattataggtatcatt
ttagttccatttttaaaaatgaatattattgaaagtgaggataaataa
>Potential gene 72:77389..77961, 573 bp
atggggtataaaaggaaaacggtcttaactcagcgtaatataaaaaatgctttagtgagtttattagaga
acaataagtttgatttcattacaatcaatcaaatagtagaagaagcggaaataacaagaagtacttttta
caggtattatgatgataaatatgaattaatatcagaaatagaagaagaaattttagaacatattcataaa
gaaaggcaaaagatagacgagaacgcttcagagaagaatttattagatattgagatgtttaaatatctgt
ttgaaacattagagccatattcgaacacgatatatcgattgttaggatataatggtgattccagttttga
gatgaaactcaagaatgaaatatcaagaagatttatagatatagaacaacgtaatcatatttctcaagta
cgagcagacttagtaaaggaatatgtatttgttattatgataaaaacattacaatattggtcagctcata
aagacgaagtagatattgatgaaatagctttaacaattagggatatccagttaaaaggattaagaaaagc
aatagggttataa
>Potential gene 73:78019..79005, 987 bp
atgaaagaaaatttttggagtgaattaccacgtccattttttattttggcgccaatggaagacgttacag
atatcgtctttcgacacgttgtaagtgaagcagctagaccggatgtgtttttcactgaatttacaaatac
cgagagcttttgccaccctgaaggcatacatagtgtgcgtggacgcttaacttttagcgaagatgaacag
ccgatggtcgctcatatatggggagataagccagaacagttccgtgaaacgagtattcaattagctaaaa
tgggctttaaaggaatagacttaaatatgggatgtcctgtagcaaatgttgctaaaaagggtaagggttc
cggcttaatcttaagacctgacgtcgctgccgaaattattcaagcaactaaagcaggtggacttccggta
agtgttaaaacacgccttggctactatgaaatcgatgaatggaaagattggttgaagcacgtcttcgaac
aagatattgccaatttatctattcatcttcgtacacgtaaagaaatgagtaaagtagatgcacattggga
attaatcgaagctattagaaatttacgtgacgaaattgcaccaaatacattgttaacaattaacggtgat
attcccgatagaaaaacaggacttgaacttgcagaaaaatatggcattgatggcgtcatgattggtagag
gcattttccataatccattcgcttttgaaaaagaaccacgcgaacacacaagcaaagaactattagatct
gttgagattacatttatcattgtttaacaaatatgagaaagatgaaatacgacaattcaagagcttgcgt
agattctttaaaatctatgtgcgtggcataagaggcgctagcgaacttcgccatcaattgatgaacacac
aatcaattgcagaagcacgagcacttctagatgaatttgaagcccaaatggacgaagacgttaaaattga
attatag
>Potential gene 74:79314..79997, 684 bp
atggaagatttaaagcattctttaaaaagtttaggttggtgggatttattttttgcgatacctatgtttc
tgctattcgcataccttccaaactataattttataacgatatttcttaacattgttatcattattttctt
ttccataggtttgattttaactacgcatataattatagataaaattaagagcagcacgaaatgattcatt
aatacgaatgtgattaaacataaaactgaaggagcgattacaatggcgactaagaaagatgtacatgatt
tatttttaaatcatgtgaattcaaacgcggttaagacaagaaagatgatgggagaatatattatttatta
tgatggcgtggttataggtggtttgtatgataatagattattggtcaaggcgactaaaagtgctcagcag
aaattgcaagataatacattagtttccccgtacccaggtgctaaagaaatgatattaattccagactttg
acgaagcaacaaatctcactgatttatttaagaccataaaaaatgatttgaaaaagtgaagtgtgggtgc
agagagaactaagcccatcgataaatggtcgcttgttaaagaagagtgaccgtcactcttctttatgtgc
atattttattttgtctgttttgttaacgatcagcagtgtaacaaatatgagtaa
>Potential gene 75:79827..81146, 1320 bp
atgactgatttgttgaaaattaaaaacttcagattgttctttttagcagaaataatttcagcattcggag
ttggaattagtacagttggggctaattggtatttaatcgacaaaactaacgactcccaactattaggtat
tatgttagctttaaatgtattatccggtttcttagcttctcctataataggtggactagccgataaatat
aatagacgaaatattattttaatcacctatcttcttcaggtaatattatatttactcattgtcatagcac
tcgtaatgataggatttgagacctatttagtgattggatttgcgattgttaatgggataggttggactac
gtatatggcaacatctagaagtttagttaaacagattttaaaaccagatcaatatacagatgcaaattct
ctattagagattagtttgcaaacaggtatgtttattgcaggtggattatcaggaatattatatgagataa
atggattcactctaattatagcgatgactataatgatgtttctaatcagcatttttatgttatttagatt
gcatgtagataaaccaactcattcagaggaagaatcaacaaatagcttattgcaagaatatttattagga
tggaaatttttaaaagacaacatgatgatatttatttttggagttatttcaatcataccaatggtgttta
caatgatctttaacatatcattaccaggatatgtatataatgttttaaaaatttcgtctgtacaatttgg
tttttcagatatgttatatggcattggaggattatgtgcaggtttaatttcagctattctttcgaagaaa
atctcaactaaagtattgatatttttgttatatttcatattagtcataaattcagcactatttatttgga
taaactcagcattttacttattcataggatcatttatactaggctactcaatttcatcaatcagaattta
tatgaatacagctataatgaacactgtttcagataaatatgtcggtcgctcatttacgatatggacgtca
atttcattgttactgcagagtttcattgctccatttttaggaagatggattaatgaaattaatgataaat
tcggtttctatattatactcattttatccttactcatatttgttacactgctgatcgttaacaaaacaga
caaaataaaatatgcacataaagaagagtgacggtcactcttctttaacaagcgaccatttatcgatggg
cttagttctctctgcacccacacttcactttttcaaatcattttttatggtcttaaataa
>Potential gene 76:81124..81696, 573 bp
atgactatgattacttgtttatttggaagtagtagaaaagatggcaattcagctatcgcagtagagaatc
tattgaagaatttaaatgtcaactttgtgaatttatatcaaagcaacattgaaaaggttacagataatcg
tcatagcaaaggtgccaactttcataatgatgattacgaacaaattttaatcaaagttttagaatcagat
attattattttttcaacaccactctattggtactccatgagtgcgtctttaaaactcttcattgatagat
ggaccgagtcattgcgagatacgcaaatagacaacttcaaagaaatcatgtcacaaaaaaagtatttgat
tttaatcataggtggcgacaatccacataccaaagcacaacctttagtcaaccaattcaaattaatattt
gagtttatgaatattactaactatagatttttgatcggcgaaggcaataaaccattcgatattttaaacg
actctcaatttatagaagagctcgcaaatataaatcttgcattgaaaaaaggtgatatttatgactgatt
tgttgaaaattaa
>Potential gene 77:81965..82663, 699 bp
atggaactaacggaagaaggcttagcatacgttaaatacgctaaagtgattttagatagtaatagcgaat
acgagagagaaataaaaggactttacaataagaaggtaaatataagtattaacatgcaagaaagtcagta
tttgtatcgctactataataagattagtgaatggttagctgaacacccatatgtaaacttgaagtttaaa
tccgcacattctaatttctatattaaagaagaaattgctaatttcaaatcggatattagccttatcacag
acgaaaagattattaatagtaacttaactgctattcctataactgaagaacgtttaatatttgttactaa
caaagagatgaaagatttcaaattaaacgatattcaaaaccatacattacttgttactgaaaaagggtgt
agttacagagaacagttagaaaagattctctataaatatagcttttcaacaaaacaaatgattgaatttc
taggaattgagtcattgaaaaaacacttgaaaaattcagatgggattgcgctattgccggagtttattgt
tgcagatgaattacaaaataaaagtttgtttcaaatagatgtcgatgtcgatattccgaatttagaaaca
actttgataattaatcctgaatccagtaagcaagtactagaatcttttgtaaaagatgtctttttataa
>Potential gene 78:82876..83550, 675 bp
atgcatgcaatgcaatatcatgttaagttgcctagtgattacaatatggaaataattagagatagagttc
gattaaatggttataagactgatggatttaaaaatttaattataaaagcttatttaataagtcaaacaac
tagtaattgcattacaaatacttattcaccattatatttatggagaagttcagaggggatgactgaattt
atattcaatggattttatgataatgttatttcttcttttggatggcaaaatataaatattggtgtgatat
attcaatgaacataaccgattctgttaaacatagtctttatgcgcttgaagaatatatcgacattttccc
tactttatctctaaaagaaatagaaatcaaaaaattgtttagaatcttcgataatgcagttgcagaaatt
ataatttataatcctgataagtggaagtttgtgaaatattcatttattgaaaatcttccaaagagtctca
atccaaatataaaaatttatgatgtactatatatctcacaatgaaagtacagatttaaagttattattat
caacattagaaaacagactaaaataatttatctgaacttattaataataaagaacctgctagatgacagc
tatttaaaatacataagctactcatttagcaggttaaaatattaa
>Potential gene 79:83893..84384, 492 bp
atgaaatataacactatgtctattttatgctcagaactgttatttaattatttatctgagagcgaagaaa
ttatgatgtcgaataactcaattaattttatttctagtggaaatattagaaaagctatagaaaaaaataa
ttatgataaggttatttcattcataaaaattaatgactcaaattatagacttagtaatgttgatactatg
aaagtaacgctttacagtaatggaagtaattatgataaagagcctttactaataaataaagatgagtttt
gtcctttaaggaaaataactttagatattaagcttgattcacaacgggtaatggaatttgattcattggc
agcaataataaacttagttgaacaaggaaaaggaaaggctttattacctatgacttttgagaataaaaga
gatatagtacaggacatttctaagatatttgaagttagctactatacttataatcatattatgcatcatt
aa
>Potential gene 80:84615..85034, 420 bp
atgtcaaaaaaatacattttaattattatcggtactatattcactatagccttcattattgtaggcgtca
ttcttataatgaagtataacgagcttatgaaacaaaaagaattttactacaagcagcaacaagaacgtat
tacattgtatcttaaacataatacaaaagagcctaatacgattaagtcggtacattttacaagtttggac
aaaggtcctcttgatgaaagaatcattgaaggctatatcaataataataaggacgacggttttgttgctt
acatggtacctgcatataatcatcagtttggtggtgatatgcttagagacgaaacggtacagaaattact
aaaaccatcaaaggataggaaatctcctgatcaaattaaaaaagaattgaaagagaaaaggtctaagtaa

>Potential gene 81:85578..86180, 603 bp
atgttaattagtcttgtaatcccagtttttgctttgttagttattggtggtattatttggatgattatag
aaggtatagtacatatttcaaaaaagaataaagcaattgataacttttttaaccaagttaataaagtaag
tgagacatataaattcgctactacttttttatttctaatcttggctacggctggtatttctcaattttat
ctatattatatagtatcagcgtttcttttttggcttgtcatacttacctttggtattgcaggtatcattt
ttttaatgccatatggattatgttttctaccgttttataagcaaaaaaagaaaaaacagacatttaaaaa
atacatggtttacactacgattggtttgtcaatttgtctaggcttatctctagttttggttcacactacg
aaaatttatatggacgaaggtggcgtaagatactattacggtagttttgtaatgaaacaagcgggcggtt
atgcttatttagctttagcagtactttcaacgttgttaattgttgcgaaaaaagctacaaataaaaataa
agaaatcgaaaccgtcgacaatacaaatataacggaaagataa
>Potential gene 82:86447..89674, 3228 bp
atgagtcaattgctaaatgatacgttatcggcttggttgttaattgaatctttaagtccaggagaagtaa
attttacagcggaagatatactctcagctgaacattttaaaaatggtgcaaagcaagcacaacttcaaag
ttttgatgaatattttgaaatatggaatgctgaacgctttattatatcagaagaaaaatcagagactggg
gaacttatatttaaattttatagacattgcttccgctataatgaaattaatttgaaaattcaggatattt
ttgatgattattctgagattcataatccaaatgggacacactgttatggttacacatttaacacagataa
acacggcaaagtgatagttgattctatacatattccgatgattatgagtgcattaaaagaaattgaaaag
aacaaaaatgccaatatagaagaaaaatttaatgattctgttgaaaaatttgttcaaaaagtaaaagaaa
ttttagcagatgaaccaattaatgaatttaaattgaagaagatggacaaagcttatgatgagtacttttc
tgtattaaattcaaagaaagatggattatttggacattatgtagcaatagaatatgtgaaagatagtgat
ttaccacagccggaatttaacagcttcttcataagtgatattgagaaagcaagaaaatctcccaaccaaa
ctttaattgattacattgaaggtgtagaagaaagtcagcgcatagaagtagatgaaaataaagaaatgtt
tgacaaatttttacatccttcacgtttgcctgatggacgatggccatcacagactgagtttagattgtct
ttaatgcaacaacttgctgtaaaccaaattacgagtggtaatgaaagaataagttcagttaatgggccac
caggtacaggtaagactactttattaaaagatatatttgctcatctagtagttgaaagaggtaaagagtt
agctaaactaaataatcctaaagatgcatttgtcaaaacaaaaattcatgaaacggatgataaatacgta
tacttactaaaggaatctattgccaaatataagatggtagtcgcatctagtaataatggagctgttgaaa
atatatctaaagatttaccgaaaattgaagaaattataagaaatcccgaaaaatgtaaattccctaaata
tgaacagaattatgcaaatttagcacatgaattaaaagattttgctgaaatagctgaagatttgattggt
gaaagtgcctggggcttattttctggagtttttggtaaaagtactaatattaaccaagtattgagtcata
tgttaaaacaagatgcgaatgatattggctttgctaaattactacaaaatgagaataatcgtatgagtta
taacgagttaatgagtgaatggcaatcacatcaatgtgcatttttagaagagttgaggcatgttgaaatg
ttaaaagaagaatctattagagcatatgatgtttataaaaattgtgagtctttctctaagattgaacagg
ttattaatagtgaaaaaacaagtattgaagaacagatatatcatttagataatgaaacgttacgagacaa
taaagaaattgaagatttgggtgatcgaattaattataatacaaagcaactcgaaactttaaatgagtta
attaaatccatcaaagaaagcaacaaaggttttattaacaaactgaaagcgatgtttaattcagaagaag
atgaaagctataaagatcataataaagagaagcaacaattattaacacaacagttagagttagagaaatg
taaaaaaaacaaacatgaagaccttgttagcaaactaaaagaaaaagagaaattaattaaacaattaact
aaagtacagttgcaattagacgagttaaattcacaattacaagagttagaagcatatcgtattgagtcaa
aaattacaattccagaaaaagatttttggagtgacaacaattatgatgagcgccaagttactaatctgtg
gacgagtgacgaacttcaatacagacgtgccatgctttttttaagagcaatgatattgcataaattatta
ttgattgctaataatacaactatttattatgcgattaatgattttaaagatagaaggaaattaattgatg
caaatccagataaagtacacaacgcatggaatgtgatgcatttaatatttccagtagttagtacgacgtt
tgcaagctttaaatctatgtatgggggcataccaaaagatttcatagactacttatttattgatgaagca
ggacaagcaatacctcaagcagctgtgggagcattatatcgttcaaaaaaagttgtagctgtaggtgatc
cgattcaaatagaaccggttgtgactttagaaagtcatttaattgataacattcgtaaaaattatcatgt
tccggaatatctagtttctaaagaagcttctgtgcagtctgttgcagacaacgccaatcaatatggcttt
tggaaatctgatgctactgatagtaatcaaaaaacatggataggcatacctttatgggtgcacagacgat
gtttaaaacctatgttcacgatagctaaccaaatcgcttataataataaaatggtgttgccaagtaatat
tacaaaagtaggtaaaacaggttggtatgacgttaaaggaaacgcagttcaaaaacaatttgtgaaagag
catggtgaaaaagtagtgggattattagctgatgattggattgaagcaattaaggaaggtaaaaatgaac
cgagctcatttgtaatatcgcctttttcagcagtacagcaacagattaaacgtatgttaaagcaacaact
accgactagaattgatattgaacgtacaaaaattaatcaatgggtcgataaatccattggtactgttcat
acttttcaaggtaaagaggctcagaaggtgtattttgtaataggtactgataatacccaagatggtgctg
tgaactggtcatgcgaaaaaccaaacttgttaaacgttgcagtgacaagagctaagaaagagttttatgt
aattggcgacatgcaaagaatacagatgaaaccattttatgagacgatttttaaagaaagaaatgtaaaa
tgaaattgaaataacagtattacttgatacttaattatcgagcaatttatacattttaaaaggagcaaaa
ttgaataa
>Potential gene 83:89652..90104, 453 bp
atgctccaaacgattaaatcacttctagtatttcctaagtcagtgaaaccgtatatatcagctacagtgc
ctgctgtcagcgccaatgatgtaaataaaattgctactaaaattgattttagtttaacgaaatccttact
atttttcttattttctttatctttgccacgcttaacatcgtacgctttcaagaaacgcagtccaattagt
gtttcaattaaaatcaaaacgatgatgatttgagtggtaattgatagtttaggctccaaaatgtgaatga
atatgttagaaattactaacgcaagcaaaacgagcattgaatatgcatataaaatgataaattttgcccc
ttttaattcttcagttgtttcattcttgtctgtttgagatccacttattgcatttaatatccagttgtta
aatttcttcattattcaattttgctccttttaa
>Potential gene 84:89674..90156, 483 bp
atgaagaaatttaacaactggatattaaatgcaataagtggatctcaaacagacaagaatgaaacaactg
aagaattaaaaggggcaaaatttatcattttatatgcatattcaatgctcgttttgcttgcgttagtaat
ttctaacatattcattcacattttggagcctaaactatcaattaccactcaaatcatcatcgttttgatt
ttaattgaaacactaattggactgcgtttcttgaaagcgtacgatgttaagcgtggcaaagataaagaaa
ataagaaaaatagtaaggatttcgttaaactaaaatcaattttagtagcaattttatttacatcattggc
gctgacagcaggcactgtagctgatatatacggtttcactgacttaggaaatactagaagtgatttaatc
gtttggagcataggtggtattatatttggcctcgtatgttacacaatggaagataaaaaataa
